a bra you eyes my brother good to see
you as always thanks for jumping in this
short notice for the folks who don't
know I was supposed to have Kevin Lee on
today but Kevin and I we fucked up it
was partially my fuckup partially his
fuckup he'll be on on Wednesday yeah AG
but I was in the neighborhood getting
pumped my friend
getting solids you've been lifting the
weights how steady are you left and now
I try to get three days a week but shit
gets crazy sometimes and I could only
get 2 to diff I stopped for just a
couple weeks I start at 51
you start getting so weak even on trt
everything starts slipping we don't need
to be sore is fuck I've been rolling
with little people the last few months
like what kind of little people o
hobbits hahaha I wish shit them up do
you think so
yeah I think hobbits would be
extraordinarily strong but hairy feet
you're probably a lot of like some kind
of no man I bet their feet are fucking
so strong can never foot love it have
you seen the size of their heels they
have giant heels but I bet their
ligaments and shit are different because
they're all bare this is weird about the
hobbits right there barefoot
they got furry ass feet they have giant
feet because you know obviously they had
to wear those those feet over the shoes
but even in the books didn't it didn't
it did they said they had big hairy look
at those books yeah I'll hold the shit
out of it easy toehold right maybe maybe
my thinking is if their feet are that
hairy they go out Jesus Christ what
happened that lady don't do this to me
Jamie this is a podcast that a person
that's someone's got it was a gout
inflammation oh man that's real did you
think that was a hobbit picture oh my
god Google image got you again isn't
that elephant algorithm that's the
Russians they're trying to fuck with
this show know that is bunions first of
all that's a painful thing that happens
to your big toe some of its genetic and
some of it is putting your toes into
pointed shoes for like long periods of
time like people who have to go to work
like lady's particular they wear like
uncomfortable shoes
smashed her toes up like that your toes
aren't supposed to be like that I've
seen this thing on Instagram where they
could fix that yeah rubber bands yes
well that's real well they have yoga
toes there's some shit that you used you
can you shove your feet in between these
like styrofoam things and stretches them
out apparently that's supposed to be
good for them
Vibram shoes is good like those I've run
in those big ensued or something they
did get soo propaganda a bunch of
pussies really yeah bunch you know I
used to learn them - yeah look man
they're they're harder to run in no
bullshit feel good though
I like I like them but once that grip
the ground all that shit came out that
they were like a frog know what it is I
think they had made improper claims if
I'm not correct I'm if I'm not correct
if I'm correct if my information is
correct I think they made improper
claims I think that was what the the
word was the word was that they had said
some shit and that people gotten injured
like they said it would keep you from
getting injured it's all based on this
idea that you're supposed to run
barefoot yeah they said Mexican air fuck
yeah and then I was like fuck you we got
shows but those guys up in the mountains
that they're talking about in that book
Born to Run I feel like they have some
of them made their own shoes with like
tires like they cut tires and made their
own shoes and they're running like a
hundred miles up there something crazy
like that like they have insane
endurance and they live up in that
mountain and they just run around
oh speaking of Mexicans one of the main
reasons you're here I want to talk to
you it's because you're my favorite
Mexican and now we have a Mexican
American heavyweight champion of the
motherfucking world that's crazy how
crazy sad that's insane I can't even
love Mexico yeah Jesus Christ I didn't
know Mexico had a heavyweight boxer oh
my god the shit yeah shit he's what
America needs right now with all this
border wall crisis shit a heavyweight
champion that's Mexican yeah come on son
and one that's fucking good and one that
has a big belly and he knocks out a dude
who looks like he's chiseled out of
granite I mean no one has ever had a
better body than Anthony Joshua you've
only had a different body no one's had a
better body he's like what is he like
six seven or some shit and I Sam
my god dude Anthony Josh was the one of
the best-built heavyweight boxers
evolved endings of the JIT he was a
champ and all that Olympic gold medalist
the champ knocked out Vladimir Klitschko
I mean he's a fucking monster from the
UK from the UK okay yeah he was the
champ and he was supposed to fight big
baby Miller and big baby Miller tested
positive for the Mexican supplements
ironically enough boom that's Anthony
Joshua I mean come on
Sanya how tall is he because he's
gigantic I've had a 12 pound because
Andi Ruiz looked short in that fight
success shit
yeah but Ruiz is like 6 - he just looked
tiny when he's standing next to Joshua
Josh was a giant of a man and just
fucking jacked what does it say is
wait-listed us - 49 to 40 online I
wonder if that was for the last fight
because I'm sure with a giant dude like
that it varies back and forth but um so
I was out to dinner and I get a text
from Brendan chop Brendan Schaub hit
with the spoiler alert he said fuck
Joshua got knocked out and I was like no
and I go what happened and he goes he
got fucked up in the seventh round I am
Mexican and he goes I'm sick I go you're
sick I go I'm happy as fuck I like I
couldn't wait to come home and watch it
I love when crazy shit happens this was
my favorite thing in fights look at that
guy look here no disrespect champ but
him jokes about it himself I'm trying to
get him in here - Oh that'd be crazy at
his body I mean it looks like a regular
dude what if he got shredded how much
would he weigh why would he wait get
shredded no but if he did it might be a
middle way right I would feed him on the
sneak tip I'd wake him up in the middle
of the night with some great Mexican
food that dude needs to stay exactly how
he is see look he's got muscles under
there like look at his stomach he's just
got some body fat on them but here's one
thing if you do have great cardio one
thing that body fat can do is it can
protect you somewhat it's like wearing
eight sweaters I've joked around about
this before and people think I'm
bullshitting and I kind of am a little
bit because I know most of the impact
gets in there but if you were gonna
fight a guy and right before you fought
him he puts on a vest
made out of fat and meat and stitches it
up and it sticks out like fucking 10
extra inches you'd be like hey what is
all this what are you doing you can't
put that on and then if you hit them to
the body and you barely reacts you'd be
like fuck I can't believe this guy's
cheating with this fat vest anything
about that shit
yeah good cardio and you got some fat
around your gut that shit might protect
you look at Daniel Cormier yep
phaidor look at phaidor you're dealing
with these giant dudes giant dudes who
can fuck you up with one shot there
might actually be an advantage to having
a gut and that's not bullshit at all mmm
it's not ideal in the lower weight class
looking back guts you brought back packs
cuts I'm thinking of growing my own
chicks only dated dudes with guts that
could be the new thing did you see that
that gif on Brendon shops page of DJ
Khaled is that how you say his name
who's a big fellow himself climbing out
of a golf cart with a shirt open let me
show you that I don't want to read the
caption see my problem was sharing this
is I want to know who the fuck made this
cuz it's really funny I wish I knew the
dude to give him credit you know
oh it says it there the creator of the
the gift can I see it yeah yeah put it
up on their forum Jim hold on James
James get oh he might be a problem
copyright issue somebody might've stole
it from somebody else you got to talk in
the microphone people yes yes nice
fucking someone okay look at this all
the big men all the big men headed to
brunch with their shirt open today after
the interviewees would he's bringing
back guts dude that would be a man dude
he's super friendly like really nice guy
thanked his mom so he told his mom after
the fight you know we don't have to
suffer anymore we this has changed our
lives you know it's beautiful it's
prettier than last I mean I was I was
crazy into boxing before I saw UFC 2
once I saw UFC 2 I kind of just
boxing but I was way into boxing had
stacks of Ring Magazine all over my
house wouldn't throw them away I was way
into it and all we had as Mexicans in
the heavyweight division was Alex Garcia
mmm
yeah he was he broke the top 10 yeah he
was up there for a little bit but he
just you know that's that's the closest
we ever got unless there's been someone
else since then this was like 1990 I
haven't followed boxing at all
well that's why I was big for
mexican-americans when Cain Velasquez
was the UFC heavyweight champ that was
the first ever Mexican heavyweight champ
in combat sports Yeah right
am I correct yeah it's weird though in
MMA people aren't racists in MMA really
as much as boxing they're really raised
like boxing I'm always going for the
Mexican I don't fuck I don't give a fuck
you know yeah we talked about this but
and I don't care what nationality you
are in MMA or I go for the I want well
like like if someone's fighting Melvin
Manhoef I don't necessarily want Melvin
Manhoef to win but I definitely want to
see Melvin Manhoef go Melvin Manhoef on
somebody you know what I'm saying yeah
yeah for sure oh yeah you know watching
your eyes watching guys they that are
known for their knockout power and I
like watching those guys too
even if they're fighting in jiu-jitsu
guy right I want them to win that was
why who was it was it uh ah kion no it
wasn't was it Akiyama no it was who was
was it Yoshida who beat Melvin Manhoef
an arm Barden I think it was yours
wasn't Akiyama
I think it was Akiyama hmm I think
Akiyama I think sexy ama fought him with
a Gyan hmm I don't remember who fought
Melvin Manhoef in Pride see if it was a
Melvin man who versus Akiyama I'm
wondering Kay I yeah sexy Yama you could
say sexy Yama who killed him sexy ami
was it she Avella Michael she developed
and he I don't know who named him sexy
Yama
oh no he wasn't doing he wasn't doing
pride right he was in Japan but I don't
know if it was dreaming oh no no no yeah
well he does one now oh and he was doing
he was doing all the shit on
access TV you know he was doing a lot of
shows of Pat Miletich he's doing a lot
of different things but he also does a
lot of Muay Thai to Yoshihiro Akiyama
you gotten with some heroes hero got
about that one oh wow that was the k1
emotion right I think so yeah wow it's
crazy how much this sport has changed
and just in the time you and I have been
watching it yeah Jenna from when you and
I met in the 90s when we're doing
jujitsu and you were a purple belt yeah
I didn't miss shit back then I was on
top of every goddamn MMA fight now I'm
just like I'm lost there's so many
promotions though no it's impossible
so many UFC's and it's so it's hard to
keep track and I don't have time to keep
track everything's streaming I love like
what is it oh yes band app like how do i
watch this once you get it on though
once you figure it out you want you get
it it works
and once you get in it works it so every
street is on ESPN yeah so you can get
every your phone and I saw a shill for
the company now and I'm not but I'm
saying like for me like when I watch
fights it's pretty fucking easy once you
get it hooked up the problem is people
that don't have their TV hooked up to
the Internet which is quite a few
fucking people then you got to watch it
on a laptop that's not ID or your phone
that's not ideal
I'll do it though but that's the good
thing about it is I've done that like
I've been out and I couldn't go to see a
fight I couldn't watch it balls at home
but I have like an hour so where I could
sneak away and watch like if one main
event yeah and I get to watch it on my
phone
I'll teach at all day I'll take that all
day yeah what about like what's that
functioned mirror is that what it is oh
yeah yeah where you shoot it up to the
TV yeah from your phone that's dope you
could do that oh yeah yeah if you have
Apple TV if you have Apple TV or if you
have Amazon what is that fire stick is
that what it is Jamie remember yeah
chromecast also chromecast and there's
probably a few other ones you could
probably do that with too but they have
like a USB slot I think you just stick
this thing in the USB slot and it a lot
is that am I saying that yeah but you
don't even need depending on what your
bought your TV right built into it now a
lot of the chrome things which is
interesting right it's like what if a
new company comes along and they want to
built into that that system how do they
you know because when you get your TV
does your TV have like the option to get
Netflix mine does yeah it's like oh you
don't need an Apple TV it's like one of
the OP no no no no no on my TV I have a
guy set up yeah have an old TV dude it's
like I got it like in 2006 or something
damn so you got an upgrade yeah yeah hey
there's still a flat TVs I don't know
like didn't you need it I'm gonna go old
school and I'm gonna start riding a bike
and getting around the TV when I'm
fucked up Davies with a dark in the
corner big boxes big old box
yeah but stuff on it put stuff on
totally it's a shelf dude the first time
I got a TV
I got like it was a big-ass TV like my
first TV that I bought when I first got
on television it was like thirty inches
or something like that so like look at
the size of his fucking TV was giant
like from here in here I was like that
big and I remember sitting the stupid
hunting inch I remember sitting the
stupid thing on the floor and I had it
had to be so far away from the wall
because it was all this extra shit
behind it there was like tubes and stuff
and bazookas there was like you knows
wires and everything and this big box
and fans and stuff remember bulbs there
was dude B bulbs and they'd have to
change the bulbs and it make your TV
brighter remember that yeah yeah I don't
really know the mechanics behind the TV
I just turn them on and then it would
break down you kind of there's no cheap
nowadays to TVs are crazy cheese crazy
we were just talking about that out
there how much like a TV that 10 years
ago would cost and now it's like the
same TVs like a couple hundred bucks
yeah 10 years ago was like 10,000 15,000
like hmm I remember when I first moved
out I had a little you know everyone
starts with their little black and white
little boxes you know to me and you put
a clothes hanger in for the antenna and
the first TV I got was a 19-inch color
TV she was like 300 bucks
I saved forever for it but man that was
my pride and joy
mmm
yeah man no imagine living in the days
before TV when they first invented it it
was all radio it was really theater and
movie theater existed first right
I'm not running that right yeah how much
after the movie theater did the
television get a message like well here
was the TV I think the 50s that's when
it came in the TV came in the 50s yeah
problems that's not that long ago think
about how much dominates people's time
yeah the first TV started appearing in
homes in the late 20s early 30s
oh shit yeah I think color is one that
was like the 50s or so no late 20s
hold on how many TVs had homes in the
50s only nine percent of American
households had TVs in the 50s mmm one
that enrich folks Wow imagine just being
alive back then when those things
started happening and being some some
dude who thinks way way ahead and looks
at this in those whoa where is this
gonna go people in 50 years are gonna
look back at this time and go shit
remember when people used to actually
open their eyes you know we're gonna be
like it's some kind of matrix
yeah for sure time man would people
lived real life come on outside
yeah life stupid fucking dummies we're
so lucky we could live anywhere you know
when VR gets so good that you actually
can just live any life you want you know
it's inevitable yeah I mean they're
they're getting closer and closer to it
if you look at what we would have seen
if we were personal living in 1920 when
they turned on that first TV I mean what
was that like those people are probably
in awe they probably thought oh now now
they can't lie to us on the radio now we
got the truth in our living rooms now we
got finally we got the truth we get to
see what's really going on in the world
please burn the 1920s you know what they
thought yeah just give me something to
look at yeah when you love to go back
and talk to someone from the 20s their
name fuck you guys do
know how boring was like that
what are they wrong hopscotch and shit
like that in jumprope no after a while
that's that just seems like so much fun
yeah reading books and shit remember
that horses know when people read books
I rarely read I get almost 90% of my
reading I get done and with audiobooks
90% yeah that's that's way easier yeah
it's great to do while running to it
like it does two things at the same time
it gives me some shit to think about
that kind of like propels me while I'm
running don't think that I would you
worry about getting jacked what do you
mean getting cat by a cat oh do you
worry about that man yeah definitely
I've been hiking more than ever lately
and sometimes we're on some trails or I
have a rock ready to go I carry a knife
it's a good move a carry knife when I
run it's a good one yeah it's not likely
it's not likely people go my god you're
paranoid two people were killed by
mountain lions last year and the kid got
bit by a mountain lion just a couple
days ago Jamie I'm getting over a cold
folks from fi sounds naughty but if two
people got killed by werewolves would
you go out when the moon is full you
would like fuck that if two people on
the Seattle got killed by werewolves
when there's a full moon you're gonna
lock your fucking doors am I in Seattle
when I go out Seattle where am I
in Seattle well the guy who's the
werewolf could have gone on a plane went
to San Francisco it's totally possible
Yeah right or just walk but if you knew
there was a real werewolf that was on
the full moon was possibly gonna kill
somebody sometimes he didn't sometimes
the full moon comes and goes and nobody
dies cuz everybody's smart they all stay
indoors yeah yeah for sure yeah you
would stay out but you know the odds
would be astronomical just like like
jaws like you know if you get dropped in
the middle of the ocean you know the who
this guy it'll take this guy has a
fucking mountain line and that's all
what is that that's not a mountain lion
that's like a that's a domestic cat then
about
cat that looks like a mad girl looks
like a no that's a domestic cat see
those ears it's like a really wild
domestic cat what is it called see shit
see it's it hisses Adam the guy might be
a dick the guy doing that fucking what
that cat might be a dick he's trying to
get it to hiss I guess they have a good
relationship it looks like this where
with us - they look like bears holy shit
that is a what kind of animals not links
isn't the video doesn't say what it is I
saw em crazy
I saw links in real life once it's crazy
looking like a big these big giant
fluffy feet I saw him up in Alberta hey
weird crazy feet like almost like
they're wearing shoes very
strange-looking cat like a big ol furry
cat in the woods in Canada it's so
strange man you look at you like what
the fuck are you you ever see it Lynx
yes now I'm not too sure what the
difference between the Lynx and a cougar
that's what I saw I saw I'm one of those
motherfuckers I was like what is that no
fear bro they're super hairy because
they're cats that lit that's what it's
like that won't the long legs right
there Jamie that's like exactly what I
saw and it was in the snow - or it was
not in the snow right it was it was in
the the forest floor like green - when
they the feet are designed so that they
can move quickly over snow they almost
act as snowshoes like soda wolves like
wolves have big-ass feet and they spread
out that's what it looked like we were
driving down the road and we saw that
guy on the side of the road and we're
like why is that what the fuck it's so
weird to see one in real life if you see
it at the zoo you wouldn't even look at
it
you'd pass by that age if you like what
the fuck is another looking Tigers at
wack-ass little cat and the crazy polar
bears but if you see it in the woods man
it's like the greatest thing you've ever
seen in your life look at it look at it
like a porcupine if I see a porcupine
and I'm driving I'll stop my car look at
that whoa what do they still do they
really shoot no no they don't shoot us
you know they don't shoot them no no no
no do porcupine they don't shoot them
they don't shoot them that's a myth
they just have Barb's so if you buy them
you get stuck up how crazy is that
everyone thought that growing out like
yeah in the 80s it's like they shot you
with thorns kids fucking five probably
tell their dad you shot him at me dad
ran a cartoon or something yeah yeah
that's possible too right
like everybody thinks coyotes are stupid
yeah like jaws you know jaws pretty much
scared 95% of the population out of the
ocean oh yeah out of the ocean well Jack
you heard about that guy that just got
jacked great right yeah yeah well they
don't know what kind of shark got him
but got bitten Maui
I think Maui that's a lot of tiger
sharks right yeah yeah surfer a surfer
um no I think it was a guy standing at
resort just women mmm
died dead is far behind his body they
got him I mean they brought him back to
the beach but he had horrific wounds he
died just happened yeah it just happened
yeah man
sharks are no joke it's a terrifying
animal and again if there was a fucking
werewolf running around the woods
exactly like and a werewolf just kill
the guy last week would you go to the
woods yeah I'd be just like jaws they
had it on the news no no let go but the
thing is that sharks are sharks 24 hours
a day seven days a week they don't only
on full moons become sharks but what
about what about guys that say that
that's totally blown out of proportion
they're like they swim with sharks they
get in there in the ocean with sharks
alright alright I think the great white
is the only one that the divers those
crazy divers don't get in the water with
right but I think there was a lady that
swam with a great white
yeah there's pictures we were looking at
her Instagram page once young Jaime to
remember that lady yeah is it a trick
like she's knows things she knows if
it's pregnant you could go swim with it
or something you know my god those
videos of babies playing with king
cobras and then you you find out that
they defang them right so they can't
hurt you at all they take away their
venom sack too or if they have a thing
I'm gonna made that up well yeah then
I'm sack is that a real thing so nut
sack but it's a shark tag Brunswick the
shark it's a 8 foot 9 inch white shark
that's been just recently spotted
today or today I guess in oceans outside
of Ocean City Maryland oh yeah yeah this
is the way it's Twitter account works
there like it speaks in the first person
what what if it kills somebody I'm sorry
he was tasty
I think it's still gonna keep up the
Twitter account if we know that shark
killed somebody look if it gets hungry
enough all these assholes are
overfishing the oceans you over fish the
fuck out of those oceans financially
those sharks they're gonna turn on each
other you know that's what's happening
with snakes in the Everglades do you
know about that mm-hmm - do you know
about the Everglades nope
anacondas and pythons and shit mostly
pythons because dudes have as pets in
and they let them go
Eddie they're finding them now there's
17 18 feet long anacondas are Python
Python 's shit they're eating alligators
they did a study they do that oh yeah
yeah they're photos of it and this video
this video you can watch him eat an
alligator in Florida in Florida god
yeah they're giant and they're they're
infested so they did like a biological
survey of the Everglades and they were
down like 99% in some animals like deer
99% marsh hair like like 98% 95%
raccoons that kind of shit Canarsie
there are they anything are they killing
people - oh they well they for sure some
fucking rednecks have disappeared and
they just don't guarantee a guarantee I
guarantee that go if you wanted to get
rid of somebody man
take him to Python country are they
population of these snakes how much he
can do have you ever seen the Everglade
easy to set up traps do you kidding show
jit show and probably services with that
kind of shit well there's too many of
them fifty thousand of what snakes
yeah there's over a dozen Python yeah
yeah how did they count they have rough
estimates based on corn quadrants so
like what they'll do is they'll take
like and it's not it's not 100% accurate
unless they tagged all of them in which
the case they're assholes it should just
kill them but if cuz they're an invasive
species for people don't know they're
not from Florida at all so they're just
devastating the ecosystem and they're
turning on alligators they're eating
alligators now because they basically
run out of everything else to eat it's
it's a crazy fucking animal so what they
would do is they would take I would
guess like a chunk of the Everglades
you know like 100
square yards like that and they'd
measure the amount and then they would
do another one they would they would do
it like several places and then take an
average and then calculate all the
square footage and that's why they be
pro or con you would think like hundreds
of people would have been killed already
no because I don't think that many
people first of all go in there and I
don't think they want to eat people I
think they probably don't know what the
fuck a person is whether they see a
rabbit or some other shit that probably
looks like food people are wearing
clothes I'm just guessing I know they do
jack people though overseas there's been
horrible videos of guys getting cut out
of giant snakes and everything that yeah
yeah I've seen that that's crazy yeah
some poor villager yeah woman missing
they find the snake and they go we found
her like I know they do this
motherfucker
bounty hunter kills gargantuan Burmese
python gets 375 bucks and earns our
undying gratitude little sizing dude so
these things in Florida what like
Everglades wherever the ever goes on
Miami the Everglades is a giant ass Gulf
side middle like the both sides kind of
depending it's like a big swamp plan
show Eddie an overhead view of the
Everglades because the Everglades are
fucking bananas one thing that they
found that was interesting yeah that
shit yeah so that all that stuff is
dense dense swamp
that's just monster soup the tip of the
dick of Florida is monster soup that's
what that is
you got some leaves you got some basil
fucking snakes you got some grass you
got some shit growing out of the ground
and you got fucking alligators and
snakes in a aliens vs. predator battle
to the death Howard Howard Joey
described Everglades
listen cocksucker these fucking dirty
white people with this thinking oh you
want a fucking snake what are you you're
oh I'm a Wiccan get the fuck the guy
kicks his fucking kid out of the house
the kid can't feed the snake next thing
you know monster soup I mean it really
is down to these two super predators
battling it out to the death and right
now I mean I don't see any pictures of
the alligators eating the pythons do we
have video of alligators in pythons
they're eating each other okay so I
guess it's good at least everybody's
eating everybody Jesus please get a hold
dear in its body is this Florida same
article Jesus Christ man they can
swallow a whole deer that is so nuts
they're not even as wide as us imagine
not being as wide as a person and you
could swallow a whole deer says it foul
it had a 35-pound white-tailed fawn in
it
it was eating 111 percent o 11.1% don't
know 111 percent it was a 31 pound snake
eating at 35 pound deer oh my god oh my
god yeah they don't give a fuck I didn't
read that part oh my god that is so
ridiculous yeah they can eat their whole
body where would you ever see that
you've seen that we've showed that video
of the Frog or it was a frog rat oh that
ate the mouse sure the mouse is bigger
than him bro he just fucking eats it he
just I didn't know that toads did that I
had no idea this video there's like the
little white mouse is in this cage just
like looking around with this frog and
this frog just like slowly comes close
to him slowly comes closer and then swap
just half his body and you see this
mouse trying to kick and get the fuck
out of there and the Frog just like
slowly just chokes him down I don't know
I hate insects that's what I thought too
if they figured it out see if people
believe in evolution right I believe in
evolution if people believe in evolution
why do we think it stops with us why
don't we think these goddamn frogs gonna
take over maybe like one of the first
the first signs of it was this Pepe the
Frog controversy on the Internet
maybe it's shots fired things to come
these frogs gonna start eating meat and
the Trump frog maybe these frogs are
eating meat that's what's going on
smarter Pepe the Frog was that around
before Channel
what is this Jaime oh I've seen this
rock as a snake it's about the snakes
yeah
attacking a cat whoa oh the cat comes
over
thus why the fucking snake cats are
ruthless bro
cats are ruthless it's just a
compilation of frog shit
well there's one that's like super
specific that I found on hand to stuff
that were look at this one here's one
it's oh they're only showing part of it
it's just it's a bunch of shit like look
how he gets that whole Mouse in his
mouth damn this isn't even the same one
so there must be multiple videos of I
guess that's a toad is that a frog or
toad I honestly do not know the
difference in that one but I think frogs
are like green frogs live in water right
and toads hang out in the the grass
right I think they when I was in Costa
Rica the first night I was I was in I
went with a bunch of friends and they
had this mansion dude right there in the
jump and and the first night I doused my
hole but I knew the bugs were gonna come
out so I was when we got them like oh my
god I'm gonna get attacked by bugs so I
I went to the neighborhood storm but all
their off and just use it like moose all
over my body and we sat we were sitting
as the Sun set we were at the pool there
was like 10 of us at the pool and as the
Sun was setting all these frogs just
appeared out of nowhere it was scary and
the guy that lived there said trust me
don't be scared they're gonna be your
friends like what do you mean goes trust
me we're gonna need them and go for the
bugs he goes yes so on the Sun went down
were were we're at a pool in this Jay Z
type mansion at a pool in the middle of
the jungle and there's all these frogs
everywhere and then the bug started
coming you never saw the same bug twice
and it was like Braveheart dude they
were all these frogs you just see them
attacking these bugs it was it was uh
like a war it was crazy in the bugs lost
the bugs lost hogs Jack dude like like
like those white walkers do they fuck
the mob do wow that's an amazing
entertaining it was very entertaining we
were just sitting there going holy shit
get those bugs fuck those bugs up why
doesn't someone make a documentary about
that it's crazy the war the daily war in
the jungle when the bugs come out
fucking frogs eat all bugs and frogs
what a weird place to choose to put a
mansion when I get you want to be able
to scream no I get one thing I learned
one thing I learned about that trip is
there's the people that like that shit
are the the people that will like
they'll see a tarantula and pick it up
and go and try to scare you with it and
then the fucking eat it or whatever like
you have to be one of those people like
you know people like me who are scared
of bugs I I'm not a jungle guy I'm a
snow guy I wanted I just went to Lake
Tahoe we went to Squaw Valley that's my
shit snow too cold for any bugs the
jungle if I never go to another jungle
ever I wouldn't give a shit I had a
horrible time that the last time I was
in a dying cow and had a similar story
about when he was trying to be a buged
scientist what's that called fuck just
trying to be entomology and entomologist
and he was hanging out in the in the
jungle with these people and they had to
put turpentine on the posts of the like
the platform with the tents at all for
the ants yeah cuz the ants would be
marching through the jungles he didn't
hear them walking you could hear them
yeah you could hear the ants there's so
many of you get here that's why if you
have a choose between cold or
unbearable heat I always just cold yeah
the thing about cold is it's like you
can get warm you know when you're hot
you can't really get cool it's hard you
can get cool in your house but you could
start a fire in your house and you just
wear warm clothes outside and you just
live smart yeah it's like the challenges
of that's interesting when you look at
like population in the world because in
this country it's not the world but in
this country all the places work it's
really cold population that's limited
like it's only gonna get so big but when
things like sweet real nice like special
like la ooh
people just pile in but I guess New
York's the argument against that cuz New
York's Phoenix that's opposites like
super hot their melts everybody yeah but
people like to party down there party
if you like to party you go to Phoenix
no matter where I live I live in Phoenix
open carry state the fucking Sheriff
Arpaio makes everybody wear pink
underwear and pink jumpsuit shit crazy I
think if you look at where people live I
think generally speaking white people
like cold and and darkest people like
the heat it seems that way because if
you look at the North Pole with
genomically if you look at the North
Pole looking down on it all the
surrounding countries they're all white
right but you know why right because
they want to be next to them they want
to be close to the North Pole is that
why the one we could san is first stop
hey there's there's that it's supposedly
a magical place the North Pole well it's
because they don't get any vitamin D up
there because it's hot as fuck where
they're from and sunny where they're
from originally and then as people
migrated and got these northern climates
their skin became paler and paler like
like a solar panel for vitamin D that's
where you get it you get it from the Sun
so because they don't get much vitamin D
because there's no fucking Sun out it's
cold as shit it's cloudy in England and
Ireland and all these goes away or
really really white it's fucking cloudy
all the time at its coldest fuck so
you're not getting that vitamin D plus
your whole body's covered and fucking
minks and animal skins and shit that's
why they're all white they're all from
the same thing that's what's weird about
it but there's also some some growing
evidence that there was a whole gang of
different kinds of people they're
finding these new Russian people called
Denisovans they found bones of them so
they think there was like maybe a bunch
of other versions of human beings that
we just lost in time and then you're
gonna probably find it as people like
get further and further into DNA testing
to find more and more different versions
of people and people there's supposedly
a lost Empire in Russia called tar do we
ever heard about that no yeah it's it's
supposedly a race from all history for
different reasons I don't really know
that much about it but it keeps popping
up on YouTube if I was a denial I would
make a joke about the name of it thar
dia yeah make a joke what would you say
I'd say something terrible like what
Tarr dia I can't think of anything
wonder why I didn't make it okay
um that guy Graham Hancock who wrote
that book did you ever listen that
podcast I did with him recently
not the recent one dude he was talking
about the Amazon and that hidden
civilizations were at one point in time
in the Amazon then European settlers or
European explorers rather came there and
gave him smallpox and it burned through
the entire fucking population just like
it burned through the Native Americans
same deal and just wiped out these huge
cities people just abandon these huge
cities and he was saying that at one
point in time they think as much as 20
million people or living in the Amazon
well then they had these really big
established cities so now they're using
this stuff called lidar it's like light
like laser that they shoot from a
fucking plane and they make maps of the
giant cities the fine berries dude it's
crazy it's amazing to watch because the
first European explorers when they went
to the Amazon according to Graham
Hancock in his book which is called
America before the first European
explorers when they came to the Amazon
they were like oh my god this is
incredible these they have these massive
cities and sophisticated culture and
they wrote back about it then when
people came back hundreds of years later
everything was gone it was all just
engulfed by the jungle because all the
people died off after the fucking
European explorers came so the European
explorers came they spread their
diseases they came in how many boats
over how much time they wrote things
about it and everybody fucking died they
died like just like a haunted curse like
they brought a curse to a place and then
the jungle overcame the city and grew
through the pillars of the floor and
just took over and now they're finding
it through all this new sophisticated
technology where they get scanned
through the trees and just get images of
what the ground looks like and then they
take this image of the ground you could
see these grids see buildings it's
amazingly relations that they could
survive in the jungle with all that
fungus and bacteria viruses ooh logs and
all that shit but smallpox takes him out
smallpox jacked them
they weren't ready for it they didn't
have was probably not know all possibly
probably a gang of diseases that the I
mean smallpox for sure killed a lot of
people during that time period so they
assumed it was smallpox and smallpox
most likely was one of the diseases but
I bet they gave him a bunch of other
diseases too these fucking people had no
immune system for any of the shit the
Europeans were running over there just
and I bet the same thing would happen if
someone from there went to Europe but
they have some weird parasites and weird
shit that if they could somehow I mean I
guess you'd imagine like people that
live in the jungle must be exposed to
certain parasites are certain certain
diseases or germs that they don't get in
Europe either for sure transferring them
back and forth like that probably
wouldn't know like if they went and
visited like a giant ship full of
Amazonians went to visit Europe they
probably giving them some strange
disease yeah like dude can you imagine
and wonder if those guys brought
anything back I wonder if they got
anything from the Amazon people brought
it back vaginal parasites believe you
went there man
imagine the kind of sexual diseases they
had in the Amazon but they were immune
to that Europeans were like just dying
how the fuck and a coral growing on
their dicks
there's no deodorant they probably
didn't use soap and you probably got
used to it you know they say people are
used to smells you get that's why people
that live in those towns where they have
a factory and everything smells like
chicken shit or something those people
get used to it or when you drive when
you're on the 405 and you pass by that
Budweiser plant it smells like has that
weird like almost fried yeah what is
there's fried food yeah what is that and
you drive into San Pedro and it smells
like the sewer you know when you're on
the 710 or the 110 is there's certain
places there's certain places where you
you like in New Jersey when I was a kid
I remember there was areas that grow by
that had factories and you could see the
fucking smoke coming out of the factory
they were just spewing it and you it
would stink the whole fucking city would
stink and if you lived there that you
just had to accept that you know if you
lived there there's no fix in that
that's just what the town smelled like
that was your reality it's crazy what do
you think of
um 5g and all that scared that's
terrifying
all that shit yeah because there's how
much long-term testing have they done
zero or negative numbers
Daniel off they're putting a much do is
that would when when when I'm driving
around with my family my wife is
obsessed with recognizing plates she's
always calling at Florida Oregon she's
her and my son
they got a little game they play there
always a kind of plates I'm always
looking at cell phone towers and
satellite dishes yeah all satellite
dishes point to the southeast for some
reason or other and that's what I always
check they don't point to the north in
Southern California that's just DirecTV
satellite that's all satellites but
every it's pointing to the cell consumer
consumer sell every satellite dish that
I've seen I am obsessed with their ever
they're always point they never point to
the north they're always pointing south
east all of them the great majority of
satellite dishes that you see are
probably like DirecTV or I've notice all
of them all of them but you go up it's
it's crazy I don't know why I don't know
why but also those cellphone towers I
was on this website called um smart
meters murder dot-com smart meters
murder I was trying to remember it smart
meters murder calm dude you want to get
your fucking head blown off go to that
website and read the documents that
they're pulling from different agencies
dude scary what you're talking real
scary ah but we is kicking in strong you
know what you're gonna have to go check
that shit hard but it's like on 5g but
back from back from their documents from
government agencies right from 2001 July
2001 it's like this whole I don't know
how big like 400 page plan for the world
it's a plan for the world are talking
about who wrote this plan the way you're
holding that yeah why you do it
it is quite hilarious it's the perfect
like if someone was talking about a
conspiracy theory and they had a blunt
and they're just like in the full bore
conspiracy yeah while they're holding
the joint it's so scary dude that I
don't
let's change the subject you know if you
want to look into it go to smart meters
smart meters murder calm but it's scary
I have read I want to talk about it I
have read things where people are
questioning that like whether or not 5g
is going to be healthy but I haven't
seen anything that verifies it is or it
isn't I haven't seen anything that says
I need to look into it but but just in
the what I'm worried all told is that I
really think that Wi-Fi signals all the
various signals that surround us all the
time I think they have an effect on us
and I don't know what that effect is I
don't know if it's negative or positive
I don't know if it and it dulls the
senses it's entirely possible that it
does something to dull the senses
because it occupies an area I mean if we
have the capability of recognizing the
fact that there the theory signals
around us all the time cellular signors
signals radio signals satellite signals
we're surrounded constantly by signals
are we absolutely sure that our body
doesn't have the capacity to recognize
those signals even though we don't have
like a really clear method of taking
those signals in and then translating
them into visuals or into audio but
because we can't like take that Sirius
satellite signal and then and then have
like a player in our head because of
that we assume that we're not taking it
in in some way that's what these that's
what this report let me just amazed
about but it's about a this is why I say
this is why says because when I feel the
the least foggy is when I'm in the woods
when I'm in the mountains when there's
no cellphone service there's no radio
service there's no Wi-Fi there ain't
shit that's where house satellites don't
work when someone's in the woods but no
no satellites do work you could actually
not in the would show no no in the bush
you get a dish you put on the roof of
your car you could watch tea that's a
new thing that Steve Rinella don't lawns
work on satellites no phones work on
cell towers put the GPS works on
satellites okay so your phone still
works as a GPS unit when you're in the
woods even if you don't in every signal
so so you can find your way out with a
map if your phone was on you know
there's people that say the GSP the GPS
geez
the GPS is also run by the towers - they
don't need to go into space that you
could triangulate your position from
towers alone but you probably could try
to triangulate your position from towers
but you couldn't broadcast a such a
gigantic area like you can with
satellites you can see satellites the
people that think that satellites aren't
real they need to talk to someone who
make satellites they were there you can
see them with telescopes they're up
there we have the ability to tune in to
the very specific spot in the sky with a
direct tv and you'll pick up the signal
that's how you get the signal you tuned
to spot in the sky with the satellite is
and you pick up the signal they're real
people have a problem with fucking
everything that's ever existed
everything everything's fake
everything's fake people think most of
it is how many people think that we're
living in a simulation really really
fuckin smart people thank you that's
okay that isn't crazy do that that's the
craziest thing about all conspiracy
theories like people that are not on
that side there's a conspiracy theories
aside and then there's the people wait
on the other side those motherfuckers
are totally into man we live in a
computer that is hilarious that's not
logical that's illogical well the the
the reason why they think does cuz
someday there's going to be a program
may be true it may be true maybe we do
live in a computer right but dude
there's no evidence no there's no
evidence in these conspiracy theories of
if you look into each one individually
damn maybe it's true maybe it's not but
there's actual evidence is it enough
evidence to prove it one way or another
who knows but don't talk shit on when
it's on the same like government
conspiracy it's dude I've never heard
I've never heard anybody like that's
easy to categorize people like that no
say people believe they don't know that
no no okay for sure I haven't done any
service surveys this is all based on the
people that I come in contact with did I
got oh I would say people you know 80%
of my students that are not conspiracy
theorists they don't even think about it
they're just like regular people they
don't they don't they don't concern
themselves with run and you know what I
mean they think it's amusing that I'm
into it but they're not into it you know
what I mean
but those same people when you turn say
dude you you know Elon Musk says that we
might live in a computer and everyone's
like it may be true but dude there's
zero evidence of that that we live in a
fucking computer what was the evidence
what did someone someone propose some
sort of theory that proves that life is
a hologram well it wasn't a hologram
that life is a simulation someone crucem
out I'd like to see that I tried reading
this book the holographic universe but I
didn't get into it maybe I should read
I'm not saying it's not true I'm just
saying there's just no I know it might
not be the same fucking people that
you're talking about that do or don't
believe
but people definitely get rigid that's
cool to believe that you could talk to
people like you you know Elon Musk said
it it's wrong it's like a cool thing
yeah you know wait on the line you could
be way and just like yeah we might live
in a computer man it's interesting
that's that's fascinating to me I think
the reason why they say that is because
one day we will and we all know it we
all know it we all know that one day you
could be in something that's as
ridiculous as what you're experiencing
right now and it could be a simulation
yes yes but they believe happened yeah
well really not they might not
necessarily believe it but they're
entertaining you that's what the theory
is yeah we might be in a computer
simulation yeah you might be living in a
computer simulation yeah maybe or maybe
I'm not saying we don't I'm just saying
dude there's no evidence of that right
but the keywords might so to just
explore an idea like are we living in a
simulation it doesn't mean you can't see
nothing wrong with that yeah that's what
I'm talking about that's like a
conspiracy that should be one of the you
should look it's logical to lump that in
with all those like 9/11 conspiracy like
9/11 for instance there's lots of
evidences it was an inside job but
that's a crazy conspiracy to most people
but there if you look into it their
scientific Esaias supports that it was
an inside job the science despite stir
no but disputed no no for sure but
there's evidence right I'm not saying
but what whether it's true or not I'm
just saying I don't want to go into a
nine-one-one
inside job
using that I'm just using that as an
example like as a that's a crazy
conspiracy theory but there's a lot of
evidence whether it's true or not who
knows you know what I mean
I think it was an inside job but a lot
of people don't and whatever but there's
zero evidence of us living in a computer
Strangler we're not talking about the
same people it might not be the same
people that believe one or the other
they're dumping them together no no no
no no I'm there are different they're
different people I know but the people
that don't want to believe that and
don't want to look at the evidence I'm
saying aren't necessarily the same exact
people as the people to believe when
iteration you're right I have there's no
poll on it I haven't taken a poll 291
you just went you wanted to talk about
it so you got us into it that's that's
yeah we don't talk about 9/11 I was just
using that example I know what you're
saying
you know people believe weird shit they
definitely like like the people that
really want to believe in Bigfoot or the
people that really want to believe in
UFOs like UFOs are coming back right now
everybody's talking ever bigger than
stronger than ever that should tell you
something
Dave Foley's hooked Dave Foley from
Newsradio remember Dan Cohen hooked we
text each other almost exclusively about
UFO evidence
I was the biggest a New York Times a
couple days ago oh wow what is that Navy
pilots report unidentified flying
objects here's the thing though we don't
know what kind of shit the Chinese have
figured out we don't know what kind of
shit the Russians to figured out we
assume that we know because but we did
we didn't let them know about the
stealth bomber or any of the crazy shit
that they were building in area 51 we
didn't let them know do you know me I
was balls deep into the you know
community did might at the first tattoo
I got I got an alien on my left arm in
any German garb I was always into
fucking ancient Egypt the conspiracy
side of the ancient Egypt there's the
mainstream Egyptology I was going to the
though oh look what Graham Hancock is
saying and UFOs mmm
there's so much proof in my head there
was so much proof that the government
was trying to cover up look the why are
they covering it up why are they
covering it up
look at all these guys from pilots from
the Air Force are saying they saw UFOs
pilots from the Navy are saying they saw
UFOs dudes from the Pentagon it's gotta
be true that's a dude that's a dude
that's a CIA pilot he's saying it so
when you're when your balls deep and you
really want to believe it you look at it
that way like look there's all these
government officials saying they saw
UFOs and they got their own UFO story
you know and then um you know you listen
to Bill Cooper and he was former office
of naval intelligence officer and you
know and and when you hear what he says
he wrote that book behold the pale white
horse he that guy said crazy shit he
said there's a base on the moon not that
guy that's your cock behold the pale
white horse he said there's a base on
the yes yes no he at first didn't mean
at first no you're talking about
no leader you're talking about that
guy's crazy - right totally what does
that guy say he says that um there's
millions of people on each planet and
they're all every planet has millions of
people is he the guy that owns
skinwalker ranch I don't know but he was
a part of his dad own Learjet right
right
I forget what that business seems like a
super rich troll totally when he says
what he says the crazy shit he says I'm
with this guy's having a good time
fucking with people yeah totally but
Bill Cooper says that because his job
was to prepare notes top secret notes
classified shit it for meetings with
high-level people in the military and he
was based on what he was reading was
like damn UFOs are real look I have
proof so that at first he was like for
sure UFOs are real for sure they're
hiding that's what he was saying he was
preaching that then he learned later
they let him whistle blow he never got
busted for whistle blown that they were
they want him they wanted him to leak
that UFO that's what his conclusion was
he started to realize wait a minute they
want me to leak this and then he he got
to the point where he believes that all
UFO abductions like oh like the he
believes that um
everything was a product of the
government all UFO sightings abductions
they're taking you in its he believes
it's like the CIA doing that shit when
he was that's what he was really about
before he got murdered man they went up
to his ranch and fuck him up if they
wanted to really fuck with you this is
what I think they would do they would
first of all they would put acid on your
shit they put ass on your doorknob or
something like that because there was a
dude who found something I forget what
he found some old thing and as he was
opening it up he he act just by touching
it it was like some old thing it was
dipped in acid and he went on an acid
trip for like six hours so this would
they do they dose you up they'd somehow
or another dose you up
whether touching a doorknob finally guy
recent story it's a guy that was
cleaning a board like this a sound board
that's it what it was he touched that's
what it was it's like uh telling us
girlfriend saying I think I'm fucking
high yes and they did ended up testing
and it well that's exactly the story
that's exactly the story so they could
do that to you and then sneak up on you
with some special effects where some
fucking crazy mask and fucking flash you
with lights and you're so crazy high you
don't know what the fuck's going on they
grab you and put you want to tell a desk
and tell you you you've been abducted by
aliens from another planet you don't
think they fucked with people and did
something like they do for the
documentary abducted in plain sight no I
have not which ones do it sort of that's
exact
it's about UFOs and well it's a bit sort
of sort of this guy he was married had a
couple kids he was tight with the family
who had three daughters he was a
predator so he targeted he targeted the
twelve-year-old and what he did is he
had said fuck with the mom fuck with the
dad fucking the dad in sex with the dead
sexual relations and some of the dead
not fucked Adam did dad jerked him off
oh they talked about this on the bus the
guy just jerked him off the guy jerked
him off he got he convinced the guy to
jerk him off so he wanted blackmail on
the parents right so that once he took
the daughter they couldn't say
that's the black now because he jerked
them off and he fucked with the mother
too and it was it was a secret so of
course that guy doesn't want none of
that she lets the guy take his kid he's
gonna tea he has to take the daughter uh
horseback riding so and they were like
okay so he takes the daughter horseback
riding and what he does is he starts
telling her that there's all these alien
abductions going on and we got to be
careful for aliens she's 12 years old so
he's setting her up so when he does he
drugs her she wakes up she strapped to a
table he's got a speaker with alien
voices coming out and the alien and she
wakes up she didn't know where she's at
like oh my god and this this alien voice
says that she is responsible for saving
the earth she has to marry that dude she
has to marry the dude in the alien voice
you have to marry Bob and you have to
have his but you can't tell nobody and
drugs I don't know and then she passes
out again and she wakes up and she's not
strapped she's looking around the
trailer and she sees the guy he's about
he's pretending he's all fucked up and
she's like waking him up and he's like
it has fake blood on him or whatever and
then he wakes up and then she tells him
we've been abducted by aliens and I need
to have your child
oh he tricked her so from the age of 12
to 16 he owned her did the they ended up
catching him with the girl like a week
later FBI gets involved and the girl
can't tell anybody or everyone dies so
so she's obsessed now she's back with
the family
the guys in jail for like a day cuz you
know what he does is he has his lawyers
send letters to the mother and father
saying to make him sign like that it was
consensual what he threatened the
blackmail so they signed it and let him
out they signed and they let him out and
then he goes dead like the next state
over but that chick she's a good she's
12 13 14 and she's obsessed with him she
has to save the world so that that's an
example of and then it turns out it
turns out that he I think the guy was
CIA probably and he knew that he knew
those techniques that's how they get
people they fill them up say there's all
these alien in the abductions get them
all scared and then boom when they do it
they believe it Jesus Christ yeah so
that's just MKULTRA shit did she
Caltrain I guarantee they did that to
people who are like political enemies
fuck you
why wouldn't they do that it's easy huh
it's easy it just seems like something
they would do to just seems like it
makes sense and then bill Cooper said
that the mutilated terrible thing that
people were saying oh you love those are
taking them because they're you know
they're the organs were taken out so
surgically that we don't have the key
that about what bill Cooper he was he
got balls deep into that he started
getting into breaking down what's really
happening with UFOs he's going oh shit
we're being played the government is
pretending to cover it up there they
want to push it they want people to
believe in aliens so what do you think
that the counter mutilations were you
think there were tests and weapons on
these cattle the bill Cooper said it was
really simple all the cattle were found
by military bases and what they do is
they when they're constantly check
checking radiation levels around bases
constantly so what they do is if there's
cows they'll routinely take a cow take
out its rectum take out it like certain
organs surgically and then they dump
them just to scare people just let it'll
kill two birds with one stone they
really needed to get some radiation
but it's always good it's always good to
push UFOs it's always good to scare
people with aliens I wonder if those
those cattle abductions if they
coincided with areas where there was
like some sort of toxic dump you know
there's some big ammunition dump or
something like that like anything where
some corner but do they have more of
them around Nevada where they did all
those nuclear tests I'm not sure but the
gist of what bill Cooper said was found
near military bases and he knows like
once he looked into it it's like oh I
know what they were doing they're
checking radiation levels and they're
scaring people at the same time mmm that
makes sense because it was surgically
removed right like people can do that
like why would that eliminate the
possibility that people could do it
of course people could do it but you
know people like the only aliens could
do that and then they take it and then
they move it to another place so that
the blood is not in the spot where they
find the animal that's all it is
did I'm a crazy that's how they catch
poachers you know do you know that how
they catch poachers that way sometimes
they find out where the gut pile is so I
say if you you didn't really have a tag
to shoot a deer and then you shot a deer
in another place where you're not
supposed to be but you have a tag at a
different place you you just you because
in some places where it's easier to get
tags you just take the deer out of the
forbidden place take a picture of it or
some like that and then go back home but
they busted people because they like
Park Rangers recognize certain mountain
peaks and there's no no you weren't
there I know exactly where you were when
you when you kill this deer you're in a
different place and then they go to that
different place and they cope they look
at the fake the picture and they try to
coordinate and then they find the gut
pile and then they convict people of
poaching mmm that's happened before hmm
look at the photos yeah
yeah so like so that's what bill Cooper
that makes sense that they would do that
they would do it because then when you
if you think you took that animal and
killed it and cut it and left this big
bloody pot and then put it in a truck
and then dragged it 10 miles away and
dropped it off there people like this is
crazy there's no blood at the scene of
the crime all the Bloods missing it's
been surgically removed but no one can
do this
this is impossible aliens literally no
blood on the ground yeah because they
put a day you fuck you fuck wit you
think aliens came this far to fuck with
cows imagine if we went all the way up
to like Neptune that shoot Gophers fuck
up your Gophers Jack them cut their
dicks off throw them back that's funny
man that's exactly what they thought
aliens did and it's hilarious cattle
mutilations are fucking hilarious in
that regard
yeah no it's gross too though that they
did it so many times that it became a
thing that people looked for and then
they let all these people who believe in
aliens anyway they let all these people
just students they're trying to scare us
they're trying to scare us with aliens
for sure maybe that's what book
Bigfoot's about maybe Bigfoot was about
do let's let's create this mythical
monster and have people afraid they
don't want people to move in the woods
the thing about this that's not good for
the NWO right the new world art they
want people to go into cities so they
create these things
doing it they should do it great another
Bigfoot skill that's an easy way reason
for believing a Bigfoot I've ever heard
that's so funny
Bigfoot's been around forever though
dude they talked about it in the CIA's
been around forever and they were in the
Native American culture before that the
Nazis like have a bet if you go to
Germany they have these mythical
creatures that they created to scare
people out of the woods if they're not
doing that damn they got to give me
credit if they start doing it because
that's a good Illuminati move right
there right that's how crazy deep you
have to be if you're a conspiracy
theorist if you go so deep you think
that the CIA was in the Native Americans
before Columbus landed you a pearl you
don't even understand it had a different
name it was a civilization and they
taught the European maybe the CIA of the
Apache because you know they had to have
some evil elites that lied to their
people right maybe they wanted to keep
their tribes together so they said
there's like they created these monsters
you can't go out there we're gonna
protect you you got to stay here would
that be a good move for us probably
would happen right and they got these
crazy stories of these monsters mmm you
got to stay here CIA building empires
101 you create you scare them with
aliens
we got a threat from up here so we need
to protect you and then we got threats
down here to jaws
maybe jaws is a CIA movie let's keep
people out the ocean we got to keep them
in cities it's all CIA everything yeah
just work for good you know what the
Native American community most I'm sure
most of the people in CIA are really
legitimately trying to stop communism
it's just like a few cowboys yes Cowboys
yeah and in anything any cops right when
you hear about corrupt cops that doesn't
mean all cops are corrupt but did you
ever see that documentary on New York
the 7/5 Mike Dowd he'd been a guest on
Joey's podcast my podcast he was a
corrupt cop and yeah deeply deeply
deeply deeply corrupt that means my
murdered people no no we got up to that
according to him he's not
gonna tell you murder people get caught
for it we went to jail and I says he
didn't I believe him just to clarify but
you know dealt with drug dealers and you
know it was driving around in a Corvette
and shit like living like a baller and
scared they were all selling drugs and
they caught up and you know they put him
in jail for a long time then they put
out this fucking amazing documentary
it's called the 75 its what does he talk
about everything he tells the spells the
pains about getting involved with all
these drug dealers and you know rolling
these people over taking their money and
then going business with them that's
crazy
it is a crazy documentary you like you
get anxiety even though you know the guy
is still alive while they're telling the
stories like Jesus Christ they were just
doing blow and going crazy and just in
robbing people just rate robbing people
showing up at people's houses putting
guns their heads robbed another drug
money you know like it was nuts man like
there was hits out on them it was crazy
it's crazy it's a crazy documentary but
this is like there's a guy who should
know who the the the current guest is on
sam Harris's podcast I'll look at that
up in a second but he was talking about
it you know they're talking about like
absolute power and absolute power that's
that old expression absolute power
corrupts absolutely you know power
corrupts and absolute power corrupts
absolutely and what they're talking
about today and I was when I was walking
the dog I was listening to this I was
saying know what it does is it exposes
you more than it corrupts you exposes
corruption and like in they gave some
examples about like Richard Nixon like
that Richard Nixon when he was when he
was young his professor told him not to
be a lawyer because he has like really
shitty ethics like it exposed him when
he became president and that's when the
power got to him and that that's an
interesting that's an interesting
subject like what does it like why does
someone become out of control corrupt
cop well it's a exposes 'im exposes
something in them but in his case when
he was saying was the whole department
was corrupt when he got in there they
were corrupt people were corrupt the day
he got on the job people were telling
him what to talk about what not to talk
about and they beat some guy up or
something like that and he's like this
never has never happened you know like
they have these little what do they call
it what is that expression they have
four four cops keeping their mouth shut
what the fuck is that what there's an
expression there's like a code called
the CODIS it's like it almost has like
snitches need stitches
code of something I'm thinking of a
Chuck Norris movie code of silence but
when you got the power to just rob drug
dealers and you're you know and young
guy who's doing coke you know you're
crazy
he's a really nice guy though literally
returns a police officer code of silence
Cota South huh
Chuck Norris movie it wasn't Chuck
Norris movie right it's a good one those
cop movies I love that shit when I was a
kid the wall of silence and all that's
coming up was I just got oh I think code
of silence is the name of the Chuck
Norris movie pretty sure but um yeah man
I just like this corrupt cops most cops
aren't corrupt I think that's the case
with agents with fucking anybody you
know that's just how it goes but I have
a bunch of cop friends they're all kids
made a mad dash you know it's that
that's what I'll call it diarrhea - yep
running into that can I know there's
cops out there that you know are
probably a couple of them out there
fucking people up and maybe for sure for
sure but the cops I know the cops that I
come in contact with
they've always been cool to me yes
Larry's been cool to me well also too
you know they're not pulling you over
they're also in the martial arts you're
a famous martial artist and a lot of
times your training or learning from
them or we're talking to them at UFC
events they know lucida Big John
McCarthy yeah it's like great guys I'm
super Pro cop but I know that there's
bad people in every fucking line of work
it doesn't mean cops are bad doesn't
cops it's a terrible fucking job the
problem is when when someone does do
something bad man it changes everybody's
opinion about what cops are like there's
two videos I saw last week of cops
pulling people over with guns drawn
pointed in the car one was a Mexican
family a guy and his girl and one was a
black family a guy and his girl it was
the same thing the guys driving and the
guy then the the cop has his gun out
pointed at them and he's telling this
black kid to shut off his car and he's
like I'm not gonna do that
he's like I'm not moving my hands he
goes that you give me give you an excuse
to shoot me I'm not moving my hands so
his girls filming it and he's got his
hands up and it's crazy
watch man I don't know what happened
before that I don't know what the
context was I don't know I don't know I
have no idea all I know is this guy's
got a gun pointed out this guy and the
guy's not threatening him he's not
saying he's telling them to shut off the
car and the guys scared to shut off the
car because there are there are videos
of a cop telling the guy pull over the
guy let me see your license registration
and he reaches back to get his wallet in
the cop shoots him this video that you
can see that but what about it's just
people is my point but I gotta clear
gotta know the whole story right you
guys maybe maybe they ran its plate so
they go oh shit we got a yep we got a
hot one sometimes I'm sure they'll never
know these other times I'm sure that's
the case yeah but with this video that
wasn't you know nobody provided that
information in that video you just seen
a guy pointing a gun at a guy and I
don't think he has his you know he just
has his hands up look it's all fucking
we've talked about this 100 times it's a
hard goddamn job you're pulling people
over you never know who's gonna shoot
you you want to go home to your wife and
family and every fucking day you're
pulling people over that align you every
day you're dealing with people that are
breaking the law and they're not happy
to see you every day and you know I
think that's where that absolute power
corrupted comes in corrupt some fucking
people you know there's some some dirty
Birds out there I think in the future
though ma'am you're gonna see less and
less of that I think it was probably a
hundred percent of the way things ran
like many many years ago and now it's
way less cuz it's there's way more
transparency you know you know that
cocaine Cowboys documentary you seen
that Billy Corbin stuff yes
you know how the class of the graduating
class that police academy in Miami one
year a hundred percent of them either
were murdered or went to jail for
corruption yeah a whole class yeah yeah
that's crazy with that that's what
happens when places go sideways you know
when things go so nutty yeah it's crazy
like the Scarface days yeah that's how
crazy I am
if someone if someone told me do you
know the CIA Purdue Purdue's Scarface to
distract from their drug running I would
just need a youtube link you know to me
well the CIA even if they didn't produce
it if they really if there's some
Cowboys in the CIA were selling drugs
even if they didn't produce Scarface
they certainly benefited from it and
somewhat because it made it made drug
smuggler for all the drug smugglers they
were all cube is never all Mexican right
but it made its Amazon problem there was
some guys what was that guy
what didn't didn't the berries he'll
bring in over five billion tons or if I
have hundred billion or five billion
dollars or something like that a big
billion yeah of drug money and yeah it
wasn't that it was about good yeah it
was about that right that's about it's
about berry see yeah yeah what is that
movie called
the Tom Cruise American made American
made that's a fucking excellent movie
that's an excellent movie and for people
who don't know how all that shit went
down you watch that movie I don't know
how historically accurate it was is it
involved the CIA - yeah oh yeah oh yeah
and they essentially talk about exactly
a we just talked about it Cowboys in the
CIA and how many people were making
money on the sneak tips son bring it in
that cocaine bring in that ya know if it
had in the murders of the two kids
though cuz that's really how they got
busted they got busted because they were
dropping off coke out of these planes
and two kids sawed the drop off and they
found the two kids near the coke and
they fucking murdered them and then they
put him on train tracks and said they
got high and fell asleep on train tracks
families did an autopsy and found knife
wounds on the kid they knew something
was up and then they investigated and
slowly but surely the the pieces started
to fall apart and then when Barry seal
was murdered he had George Bush's phone
number in his pocket
when he was murdered is that in the
movie - on it I don't know I don't know
oh no that was in the movie but that's
that's what happened on his way to
testify I mean they weren't even hiding
it they just let this guy get shot up on
the way to testify he for sure brought
in what I would call a fuck load of coke
who Barry seal for sure
glowed who is his boss II think it's
good question it was an Arkansas right
somebody probably got a taste you know
at many different stages right
what's the coke coming in are kameena I
mean ours that was that real
was that a movie Tom Cruise made a movie
about me now Arkansas
oh it's good movie I don't think it's
hard for me to watch any movies unless
it's an animated movie for my kid like
going to a regular movie can't do it no
it's hard can't do it I come at home
well Google this was we're probably a
lot that we just cover that needs to be
Google the website about the accuracy of
the movie oh good perfect that's what
was gonna ask - who decides how accurate
or not right right right
and they let him go oh and certain
certain times they caught him they let
him go home people didn't want to let
him go so like crazy documentary or
crazy movie but what do they call that
uh what what docudrama what is what is
it when someone makes a movie about it's
not really a docudrama though it's not
it's a fucking movie it's like you know
you never know how much is true well
we're talking about that goddamn
wrestling movie with Steve Carell with
the Mark Hamill or Mark Schultz movie
oh yeah the Gary Dave and Mark Schultz
yeah yeah the Gary Goodridge thing well
they they replaced him with some Russian
dude in the movie that's a historical
event when Gary Goodridge fought Mark
Schultz that was a historical event Mark
Schultz dominated one of the best guys
in the sport easily just wrestled him to
the ground with ease and we got a chance
to see wow this is what happens when an
Olympic gold medalist wrestles a regular
martial artist but in the movie they
decided to just change that for no
reason like they could do that with
anything so who the fuck involves the
Bruce Lee movie with Jason Scott Lee man
that was filled with a bunch of bullshit
he's made shit up he had a famous fight
where he learned Wing Chun doesn't
really work on Americans yeah it was it
was in a YMCA he was fighting for the
right to teach foreigners kung fu
because the elders that lived in San
Francisco or Seattle I forget I think
the San Francisco they didn't want him
to teach foreigners and they said if you
beat this if you beat our guy up then
we'll let you teach foreigner so he had
this fight it was in the YMCA but in the
actual movie it's in a fucking dungeon
dude this is a cave and the elders are
sit
nor the Rings it's like more the fucking
rings that's right it's the craziest
thing they didn't have to go that far
but I guess it was just the why I'm said
did he win the fight yes but he didn't
agree in real life he had a he hurt his
back doing squats or doing deadlifts it
was really bad here it is so that's when
he wrote his first book is when he was
like an attraction is that what they
call it when they your Backson some kind
of spinal or some kind of brace but so
but in the movie the dude kicked him in
the back and broke his back oh yeah
Turkey yeah yeah and then he's there's a
famous appearance of his at the Long
Beach Convention Center back in the 60s
it was like a karate tournament and he
did some demonstrations he did there's a
video famous video of him doing the
one-inch punch it's in front of it's
like get the like an IBJJF tournament
he's doing it demonstration and in the
movie it was a real fight and he fights
the same dude from the dungeon it's a
rematch you guys think why would they do
that and I need to his life was amazing
in you know in reality are they doing
something on him right now though isn't
something happening right now some new
Bruce Lee thing that I read that am I
just hoping there's a movie coming out
about a dude who's a famous actor in the
late 60s and early 70s and in the movie
he's he's a stuntman yeah he's a famous
rich stuntman dude and in the movie
there's a Bruce Lee part where he's in a
Bruce Lee movie and also in a Quentin
Tarantino movie called Once Upon a Time
in Hollywood oh nice but it's not is it
CGI Bruce Lee no is an actor it's an
actor they should have went with the CGI
Bruce oh yeah make a new Bruce Lee movie
all CGI they can do that shit
magic Illuminati doesn't want you to
know how good they aren't that yet okay
so if the Illuminati created Bruce Lee
what would be the reason well they would
if they did it they would let you know
hey fuckface we already can make movies
out of anybody
anytime we want we could have someone
talk like Bruce Lee look at that that
looks like Bruce Lee did my girl looks
very good
what's that CGI doesn't move I'm right
there I mean it's close enough is that
the new Bruce Lee this is just a photo
from the trailer so the only piece we
can get oh you know what that CGI no
okay no no it's not CG no no no for sure
it's CGI that first that first clip down
right there CG oh it's glasses Eddie's
we're including its face his fuck it
looks like a CGI video game I think they
did something to his jaw a little bit
looks like a CGI face no he hasn't
that looks real but that's cuz you've
seen him in a different angle watch back
it up to where he's up at the side what
if they're doing like that bacony to me
hold on hold to me that looks everything
you know stop is exhausting um could
have though if they wanted to watch
urgent fast and furious with Paul Walker
right they recreated his face line well
they need to do a Bruce Lee movie they
can't have it fucked up at all it has to
be super smooth it has to be it has to
be really Bruce Lee asked totally and
you know what you could do it like that
movie man this was like 20 years ago the
Final Fantasy movie where they did
animation but they try to make it look
real yeah old people they got that shit
down
they got old people down harder and make
a young girl look real so that cutout is
still a cartoon effect but older people
shit look like real people yeah they can
do it with textured skins right yeah do
with Dragon and that was 20 years ago
they could do movies that are full CGI
that's really hard to tell well it's
also because your brain doesn't have
like a reference point for dragons they
can make a dragon look real well it's
like a juicy Game of Thrones so they
have the wolves
yeah the wolves are always just like the
hair moves slow mo Zowie super slo-mo
that is him that popped up here on this
video yeah Michael mo that's the dude
yeah so when you see him with the
glasses and see him from the side he
should uh that's interesting I I don't
know if they could do the CGI yet for a
whole movie and make him
with Bruce Lee's face I could do it
perfect wow that's crazy
so they could have done that but then
they get if everybody else in the movie
isn't like Steve McQueen and all the
other famous folks in the movie like are
they using different people for them or
that that would be fucked up imagine if
in the future all they ever make is like
Charles Bronson movies Steve McQueen
movies Bruce Lee movies and they do it
with regular actors and the regular
actors get paid like scale these are
giant ants and they do fake and do
faking on them and they have new Bruce
Lee movies and they have some dude I'd
be a lot worse
how rogue they added Princess Leia back
oh she's not even alive anymore I didn't
see the new one yeah so there you go
maybe I did though they're doing it now
she's in the moat more recent one that
just came out and the one before that
too I guess I think I saw the most was
the most recent there's a lot of yeah I
think I'm I think I'm one behind I think
I missed I haven't seen the New Avengers
I've managed to avoid all spoil about
when they start doing like uh like
they'll take Angelina leaves face and as
long as y'all leave and put it on like
you know Beyonce's body or something
remember that song see how big old
titties like Angelina Jolie
that's all yeah that sounds a great song
that was a big hit we got about that
yeah Angelina Jolie got some big-ass
titties that was a song that was the
Hult it was like different people that
had some big-ass titties that was the
name of the song she's in that new
Maleficent movie they did some crazy
shit to her face man they turned her
into some like dragon lady so yeah some
wizard lady or witch yeah there's a lot
of Satanism in movies man Meiko dark
with the cop do you do you trip out I
know I know we have different opinions
on like what's up there you know what
the sky in space but do you do you
notice do you notice
watching kids programming that they
fucking bombard kids with space right
sure dude hey they get hammered with it
in every movie there's space there's
aliens or space there's aliens
well not every movies yeah it's crazy
it's insane they blast them with it
well there's a lot above us you look I
see forever it's important for kids now
total it's important period man I want
to see Brian Cox's demonstration that he
did they did like they do a show they
did it in downtown LA and I was thinking
I would love to get Eddie Bravo high and
have him watch this like a fight
companion this is CGI is this fake yeah
why do you think it's fake how much do
you think is fake that you see in space
man you know Wernher von Braun was a
Nazi right yes okay he was brought in
from Operation Paperclip right right we
had any Jacobson on did you listen that
yeah yes she talked yeah in depth about
I mean that's how we everyone agrees on
that yeah everyone agrees that he
directed all 6mu missions yup everyone
agrees everyone agrees that him in Walt
Disney we're best friends
where they grow best friends yep they're
best friends
they worked on space together they were
like you know jump into a lot of
conclusion today in this day and age you
don't think anybody's like when SpaceX
shoots rockets off in the space or when
you know Amazon has a rocket company now
these guys are gonna be able to launch
satellites and even have consumer
flights
I just need proof what about deception
would you everywhere some like okay you
know when you're moving on you know
you're talking about that Foxcatcher
movie you're like you've said it a
couple times on your podcast we're like
once you've said once you saw that they
have to Gary Goodridge out you were like
I can't trust this movie I can't put the
whole movies I can't trust it it may be
real it may not be real but I need some
proof I got you that's exactly how I
feel about no no that space the
government the government so anything
coming from the government agency
whatever it's a government agency I look
at it like Foxcatcher you've lied enough
where I'm like I need some get refutable
evidence otherwise why do I have to
believe it
yes so many real you get it but SpaceX
is in the government no they're
subsidized by the government no you're
subsidized they do they got like four
billion dollars so they tell them to
fake space
no one's trust in NASA no more so
they're panning it over hey let's let's
get let's do the side thing and
everyone's all into space
hmm that's nothing way to look at it
I think it's winter you saw that you saw
that that that Tesla launch saw that
we're talking about when you claim to
launch a did you see that footage the
actual Teslin space yes yes I saw that
and you have a dude you I've always
known you as a dude had a strong vibrant
vibrant bullshit meter you've always
been that young you're gonna watch that
evidence and go oh okay you can't just
buy that dude you can't just buy that
when they see ridiculous it's the very
first thing the very first don't poison
the water if you want me to get an
honest the first thing Elon must said on
his in his press conference the first
thing he said is like well I think it's
impossible and ridiculous and and if you
can tell it's real because it looks so
fake that's the opposite of logic that
there's logic and reason and then
there's the opposite of that
no we can tell it's real because it
looks so fake is the opposite of war
that's just something he says cuz he's a
fucking genius and he's taking a picture
from so the reason why he said to the
air no the reason he said that was
because all day when they did that all
day all over the internet was like fake
fake fake statement this is so
ridiculous let me see it Jamie let me
see the video the wrong one that got
edited so I'm trying to find the one
that's from space and we just abandon
the subject so I just you know what I
just it may be real
SpaceX may be real that exactly why they
no see them shoot the Rockets off I mean
literally when you look at them and tell
me see a rocket anytime you see a rocket
shoot you see it go up and then see you
go down in the ocean no launch rockets
they're launching rockets that's what it
looks like because what you're seeing it
go over the curve of the earth Eddie
you're seeing it go over the ocean
you've seen it go up and over and so as
it gets further away that you can't see
it anymore it looks
going up the nasgo hair alone Wow it's
not going parallel okay okay okay okay
okay
so the shrine so they are trying it is
spinning yeah okay I I understand that
that's what you believe but you got to
understand what I believe what I believe
because because that's what you see but
if you have someone explain it to you
will you still believe it physics
planation no no explanation I need
evidence need evidence and then when you
see evidence when you see that Tesla
that they launched and you see how fake
it looks it looks so fake but just
because something doesn't look real it
doesn't mean it's fake but it doesn't
mean it's real I need evidence that you
haven't seen with your own eyes might be
fake
maybe I don't trust it's a lie you don't
trust that yeah everybody's like a
simulation you know right I had a friend
who lied about everything everything
about his life where he was from all the
things he did he was a wrestling
champion he was he had everything then I
found out like two years into the
relationship little by little that he
lied about this and he lied about that
then I find out that he lied about
everything is one of those guys that
lies about everything
exactly so he may be telling the truth
and even total Liars will tell the truth
throughout the day a lot just to get
through the day at that you have to tell
the truth again but then you know at the
drop of a hat they're gonna lie about
their life in some crazy way whatever I
understand your logic getting down here
I understand your logic but you also
have to assume that most of the people
that are telling you the truth about
this or that online that also don't have
proof that also are talking about these
things and they haven't shown you you
haven't seen it you haven't been there
just like you haven't been you know
examining satellites these people they
don't know if they're full of shit
either they could be real they could
they could be every page were why would
you assume they were but the satellites
are fake see what I'm saying what do you
mean
people that are making these YouTube
videos that they're correct
but the people that are putting up south
go by I just go by science
that's it scientific evidence like real
science like water is always level right
we know that water is always level in
the conversation if you don't understand
how gravity works over a giant fucking
sphere no no if if we live on a ball
that's 25,000 units and conference if we
do then the water should be bending at
least with this is so crazy
you don't know water what that means I
do know that if it's a ball the potion
should be curving at a certain rate and
they figured that out here's a power its
perspective yeah but it's going around
why is it going over the top and why is
it shrinking everything you look at the
end of the street at street lights do
that street lights do that no Eddie did
you do that on the hill not on the ocean
no no but you're looking at those
electrical posts or whatever column and
they go down that's how street light you
go right in the middle the street
the very next a street light it appears
to be shorter than that one and then the
next one appears to be sure that's how
you draw shit
you but is it really that short no it's
just your perspective you're actually
looking at an optical illusion you're
actually looking at it looks like
they're getting shorter and descending
it looks but are they no they're not
ready they disappear they disappear over
the horizon and then you could bring
them back in but that's not true well
you can you know you can see more up to
the edge of the horizon but if the edge
of the horizon it goes over the you over
the edge so when you're talking about
with the naked eye you're looking at a
moan go in the ocean and you see it
really telescopes what you're just
getting small enough so you can't see it
anymore
exact if you use a telescope you can
still see that for a little while yeah
and then it goes over the fucking curve
a more powerful so let's go now it
brings it even closer but you know more
power wise they've already had tests
they've already done you could see
England you could look at it you could
see too much you could see Hawaii then
why can't you see Hawaii if you could
see the moon why can't you see there's a
lot of atmospheric curves the fuck okay
no if it curves okay that's what the
sign can say Eddie the ones who make the
GPS the ones who make the maps the ones
who chart the fucking paths for
airplanes and shipping routes all those
people say it's round all
people that do satellites all the people
that are involved in aerospace all the
people that are involved in anything
where you have to calculate the fucking
curve of the earth and the to get things
to places all those people think it
they're all wrong
that's crazy that they haven't seen that
picture if they don't they don't see
that picture if they saw that picture
they would get it at a hundred miles in
the ocean 100 miles how much curvature
should there be do you know I don't care
it's about a thousand feet if they're
not 6,000 feet of curvature so you
should know you can see no you wouldn't
be able to see a hundred miles away from
the yellow shoes who Eddie you didn't go
to school for this stuff these people I
understand to you did I research this
all the time no but you're hearing is
that a hundred miles there should be six
thousand feet of curvature do you don't
even understand what that means I don't
I understand what that means if we live
on a ball that out of every hundred
miles there should be six thousand feet
of curvature there's there's a formula
for it and but when you look there's
Navy ships that can target other Navy
ships with lasers a hundred miles away
it would be impossible if there was a
6,000 foot curvature of water impossible
they take pictures of their target
pictures at 100 miles
there's no curvature it's flat there
should be six thousand feet some
pictures with what Eddie this is
something this is not your area of
expertise this is one of the reasons why
I get crazy about this kind of shit
because you read something that
someone's what I just said I bet you can
again I didn't go to school for it so I
don't know but I bet you understand do
you stand if we live on a ball at a
hundred feet there should be six
thousand feet of curvature does that so
everyone's wrong Eddie
so all these fucking people does that
make sense Australia they're doing it
the wrong way all these people that go
over the North Pole all that's all that
snow goes into lights just there's no
flights over the North Pole there's no
flight maybe there's military planes to
go over the North Pole maybe okay let's
please just lone all over the world I've
never gone over the North Pole
I've flown everywhere they've been
everywhere and there no one ever goes
over the North Pole so it's a man they
go over the North
I don't know so obviously no no no it's
if it's so painful this change the
subject I'm trying to just a subject we
could talk about Tony Ferguson
what's this Saturday what about that
that's great we got any questions what
he's been working with him fuck yeah
fuck yeah dude he's he's sharper
stronger and in the best shape of his
life it's the same Tony that you know
you think like is it gonna be the same
Tony after you know that you know he had
he had some you know family stuff go on
is that going to change him
you know his opponents hope it changes
him but he is he's the same Tony when it
comes to fighting we don't get into
personal stuff we just stick to fighting
and the strategy he's sharper than ever
it's I'm not you know you can't
guarantee any wins but I will guarantee
that he's gonna go in a hundred percent
Tony
it's a crazy matchup it's very good
match that's like Russian Roulette right
there dude they're gonna be throwing
bombs at each other it's real good
particularly now with Donald has been on
a tear like the last four fights three
four fights I mean he's just looked so
good man ally ik went to fight for
people who know how good Al is for
Donald to handle al like that and drop
him and you know and really put it to
him like the way I'll put it I mean al
said he beat the shit out of me
that's what Al's exact quote was I was
very complimentary and respectful after
the fight yeah cowboy is no joke that
guy's on fire he's not he doesn't fight
like khabib he doesn't fight like Conor
he fights like Tony so it's like
similarly it's like Tony versus Tony you
know what I mean yeah and it's shit do
you both get on the ground they're very
good on the ground
we respect Cowboys fucking ground game a
lot and you know we you know we do what
we could to make sure you know nothing
bad happens on the ground you know what
I mean yeah but they both have
everything both have great strike and
they both have great submissions Tony's
coming for war like he always does it's
gonna be the same throwing down that's
for sure did now went on let me ask you
this because you know the answer to this
when Tony had his knee fixed
did he spar during that camp because
someone said that he didn't do any spine
it was like one of the rumors from
someone who knew him
I think he keeps his sparring you know
Turner my striking right yes
I'm never there for the striking oh I'm
never it's separate we don't know I'm
never I've never seen him I'm never
there for the strike i'ma show us when
there's grapple his the the amount of
time that it took him and you know what
in Big Bear he didn't we didn't bring
anybody to spar like hardcore
it was just like lights touching because
the night letting me heal
oh no that's a different fight I'm
talking about the knee remember you
having the mass of knee injury and then
he had surgery and then what I heard
knows you're right during the past fight
oh yeah
no spark no spark yeah that's crazy very
light very light hmm well I guess you
know when you already world class you
could do that that mean he didn't want
to fuck that I wanted to make sure
nothing went wrong get to get to the
flight it was that it was the right
choice or sure and when he showed up
against Pettis he looked like same ol
Tony he did it was stunning dishes
you're talking about a catastrophic knee
injury and then in six months later
yes fighting a world-class fighter and
he's getting his legs checked yeah you
know he got that knee checked he even
worried at one point in time that he
might be injured what makes Tony so good
in my opinion just based on working with
them is it seems that uh you know at the
highest level high pressure fight people
are aren't as they're more cautious
they don't want to try to do anything
stupid they're not just letting it swing
and letting it go Tony isn't like that
Tony is people want to get to the point
where they just unleash and they don't
give a fuck and there's a lot of
fighters like that but Tony when he's in
there it's like like Nick Diaz they're
not afraid to throw anything you know
what I mean he goes in there he'll throw
two spinning elbows in a row right and
he's just having fun it's like he's
alive and he's having fun in there and
he's and on the ground he's not gonna be
hesitant to do something wild and crazy
hmm that's just the way he is man and he
thrives in the cage and there's zero
hold back he's he's and he comes out
guns a-blazing the whole time yeah
they're both at the top of their game
man that's for sure
you know and Tony didn't miss a step
when he got that knee injury which is
very impressive even as striking was on
point when he fought Pettis yeah and
even got tested he got clipped
I mean Pettis hurt him you know he knows
how to survive man he's a very unusual
fighter man very difficult to prepare
for Sheila's always studying
oh he's adding new weapons to his
arsenal always adding something to his
workout routine he's always adding shit
he has the ability to focus more than
anybody I know
his ability to focus and you see that
not only in you know the striking aspect
of his game or the wrestling but you see
it in the jiu-jitsu and that's where I
see it is he has so much focus he
doesn't I don't have to reteach him shit
I will show him a very complicated
transition of moves like you know in
spiderweb doing the bollinger break
there's like four moves you got to do
pop you got a farm it's got to be so
smooth there can't be any fuck-ups and I
show him this and after like four or
five reps he's got it down hmm and most
people it take its take six months to
get it down to understand it and he just
can he just uh doesn't take him long to
learn shit anything wrestling and
striking anything new
he's down but he doesn't forget it
that's the most important thing he
remembers all the shit and I'm you know
it's who's working with him what
striking a guy named Rashad used to I
think he was like an Olympic hopeful
back in the day boxer
yeah most guys do that right it seems
like there's not a lot of guys who just
used one for all striking yeah he's got
a bunch of people to train them he's got
a couple different strength and
conditioning coaches he's got a whole
crew I think that's important and he's
pausing to really into recovery like he
spends a little serious time recovering
he's got all these contraptions you know
those things that you could there like
leg sleeve i'ma text and and they
inflate mm-hmm and he's on that all the
time he's when it comes to rehab for any
injury he's like like a professional NFL
player you know
and ice baths like you know at massages
he doesn't fuck around man he's he's a
hundred percent thinking about and doing
something for the fight usually just
non-stop you can go on for hours it's
crazy yeah it's a fucking crazy matchup
but it's only the third fight it means
the third from the top you know there's
two championship fights on top of that
that's crazy the headliner right there
come on man it's gonna be nuts people
gonna go crazy for that it's great but
saludo and Marlon more eyes have to
fight for the bantamweight title that's
a crazy fight too man so who don't more
eyes that's the main event and then
Valentina Shevchenko and Jessica I for
the women's flyweight title mm-hmm so
those are two world title fights I have
to have those and at the top but that
just shows you how fucking crazy the
card is the card from top to bottom is
just amazing yeah it's gonna be crazy
fucking them Jimmy Jimmy Rivera and Pele
Cho Yong tae it to of Aussie and blogged
me Ivanoff you moving it while I was
trying to read it don't do that bro
that's rude
fuck up that dude's name Tai Chi vos is
an animal those are that's a great
fucking fight that guy's crazy that's
that guy that drinks out of his shoe you
ever see him do that he does shoe ease
He pours beer into shoes and other
people's shoes he'll I tell someone to
take the shoes off he pours beer into
their shoes and then drinks it oh my god
it's so disgusting yeah
it's so foul yeah I don't get it but I
get it I don't get it but I get it he
likes to party
he's like that dude in Talladega Nights
what the fuck's his name the other good
john c reilly yeah john c rise like lor
the party party
it likes to drink out of shoes fuck it
he's an animal I guess like I mean if
you want a really show you don't give a
fuck that's a good way to go about doing
it just grab a man's shoe and pour a
beer into it and drink it his dirty
sweaty feet have been funking around
Matt have you died from that
imagine if someone's foot fungus was so
disgusting that even the alcohol didn't
kill it and it germinated inside your
gut where foot fungus is never gonna be
like if if there's venereal diseases all
right we all know there are because you
dirty bitch like what what are you guys
doing to each other you're both giving
each other dirty fucking things with
dirty things and like diseases are weird
right people give each other disease
this venereal diseases which are extra
weird it's like oh you dirty people you
gave each other's dirty dirty diseases
but nature says we don't like this
nature just lets these sneaky little
parasites and viruses and bacteria
getting your body what if there was an
even more powerful one for people who
sucked on feet what if it got in your
gut nature's like this guy is just too
much of a freak
we got a column column for the herd it's
like if there was foot sucking diseases
you know before you make out with
someone you got to tell them hey I just
want you know I got a foot sucking
disease so if you don't maybe we
shouldn't do this
what Jamie what are you making faces for
because you can get staff from doing
this of course you can science confirms
Chuy's are really freaking dangerous
especially if you're rich why is it
that's clicky I try to get us with a
clicky bait yeah you can get staph don't
do it yeah science study to figure that
out yeah
because because the staff aurorus can
cause toxins and these cox toxins are
quite resistant to heat they they're
quite resistant to the acidic
environment when they can survive
protein breaking enzymes out Jesus
Christ if you drink from someone's shoe
containing staff and it's toxins yes it
can give you an acute gastrointestinal
fuck all that since but alcohol is a
disinfectant right well yes but there's
always still a risk of infection
especially if you have lower ABV alcohol
by volume drinks as you'd expect higher
ABV drinks like vodka do a much better
job of arak eradicating bacteria so yeah
beer which is what they drank which is a
low alcohol beer or low alcohol beverage
what a fucked up way to die done you got
to do shots and those things
shots are fine oh my god people are
crazy but no one's happy with like
taking it and leaving it where it is
everybody wants to take it to the next
level you know like everyone constantly
like you want to one-up somebody I'm
gonna drink out of underwear bro I'm
these your underwear as a fucking filter
no and dude you're gonna be doing DS
they're just gonna be ripping each
other's underwear off and using them
over a filter put it over a glass and
drink right through your underwear how
did that cat coffee get found out that
won't be long good idea cuz I'm an
asshole decided to pick cat shit and
fine beans in it it's a it's a cat like
animal right it's called a civet yeah
you got ya ever have that shit that Kopi
Luwak coffee no it's very expensive Tate
and I got it once when we're at a gig in
Florida Tate yeah looks like a
hundred-dollar cup of coffee or
something stupid it's really ridiculous
not that much maybe okay well remember
when he was bodyguards new home yeah
back in the day yeah that's the animal
look at that thing so that thing eats
the coffee beans it shits them out and
then people pull it out of the poop it
looks like a little things baby like the
thing from Fantastic Four it looks like
it's baby
yeah they pull those beans out of the
poop and then they they dry them off and
make coffee out of cat shit and it
tastes delicious
because what it is is that that that's
gold right there's gold coming out of
that cat's ass hole look at that that is
ridiculous you just see that online um
taking a large look if that was a person
you'd be in jail all right if you if you
went and googled that person shitting on
a log like that you'd be like you sick
fuck long as it's an animal it's fine to
look at their shit and even mine it they
mind their shit for beans the idea is
that the the digestive enzymes from the
civets body break down the beans the
coffee beans that's the idea and you
liked it it's okay don't you wasn't
better that's not bad out here for the
guests it's not better the idea is that
it's supposed to be smooth
soon this cat shit coffee smoother I
don't know man
I don't necessarily think it really is
smoother it's just different some weird
shit I wonder if you could just eat the
cat shit just like that without cleaning
it off if you were really nasty ya
natives probably just used to eat the
cat shit directly probably did but I
think you need energy you probably need
to boil it that's why when you're making
coffee in that boiling water probably
kills all the bad stuff mmm
you know they blow did Indians boil shit
no I don't know who invented that shit
and how long it's been around that shit
literal literally who invented that
coffee how long spin around spinner I'm
looking at right now Wikipedia since
like the 1800s mmm they noticed that
these particular animals were eating
specific cherries or whatever that they
were leaving around and that they were
going undigested so at some point I
decided to clean it off and see how it
tasted I guess that makes a fuckin risk
I was listening my friend Ryan
callaghan's podcast today it's a cow's
Week in Review and he was talking about
this animal that they this bird rather
that people eat and they drowned this
bird in brandy they take this a tiny
bird each one of them that's like just a
few ounces and they drowned them in
brandy and then when you eat them you
eat them whole you need everything the
guts you eat the the tissue the skin
that's that's that's where it is what is
the name of it but how do i how do I
pronounce it for de LAN Bunton Bordelon
and so when you eat it you put a napkin
over your head traditionally when they
eat it and as they eat it Bourdain was
the first one to tell me about this shit
that oh no it was Duncan Duncan Trussell
was the first person tell me about this
shit and so they in love they soak the
bird in Brant they drown it okay they
drown it in brandy and then they cook it
somehow or another but anyway go back to
that picture where those guys are eating
it where you could see the go back to
the picture with the yeah see how they
have those things over their head they
put these napkins over their head
to take in the aromas and to trap the
aromas and they also do it to hide their
face from God does the idea yeah kind of
people are these I think it's most I
think it's Europeans I think it's
something that in in France it's popular
it's a popular dish and it's it's
endangered not endangered now but
they're yeah it's ok ortolans could
Francis cruelest food be back in the
menu as French chefs lobby for Ortolan
to be reintroduced onto menus we explain
why cooking the rare and delicate
songbird is so controversial so that's
even grosser right
it's a songbird like how they named it a
songbird not it's not a little tiny
dinosaur no no it's a songbird it just
wants to sing for you yeah make the
woods bright tweet tweet tweet no man
it's a weird little tiny animal says why
is it illegal to cook and kill an
Ortolan the RSPB list their status as
vulnerable and throughout the 1970s and
1980s numbers in France to clydra
matically as poachers caught vast
numbers to supply restaurants where the
bird has long been considered a rare and
expensive delicacy some restaurants
would charge over 50 pounds for the dish
what is that in the euros or pounds
pound that's pounds yeah well II think
that cost what's 50 pounds it's not like
a hundred bucks and not quite but
something like that
France is League for the protection of
birds claimed orgalawn numbers plunged
30% between 97 and 2007 as many as 1,500
poachers catching an estimated 30,000
live birds a year so they're just
decimating these fucking things the
method of capture and killing them is
what's fucked up about it so the hunters
catch the birds using traps in the
fields they're kept in cages encouraging
them to gorge on grain in order to
double their size and it said the Roman
emperors stabbed out their eyes in order
to make the birds think it was night
making them eat even more oh okay here
it goes
and then how are they killed this is
where the squeamish look away what is
the name this website so we give people
that's a
Telegraph autograph from The Telegraph
what is the name of the article
well we'll tell we'll say it at the end
how were they killed says this is where
the squeamish need to look away
traditionally in France the fat and
little birds are drowned in a vat of
Armagnac I guess it's like a cognac or
something what is it Armagnac yeah
you're probably dead on okay managing to
snuff out their lives and marinate them
at the same time killing two birds with
one glug as it were it says here in the
article French chefs argue that it's not
a bad way to die in quotes what the fuck
but I suppose it might be less cruel
than throwing a live lobster into a pot
of boiling water anyway so that's how
they drown them and then they cook them
and then you eat the whole fucking thing
bones and all on the bones puncture your
mouth and shit and that's part of it
like you taste your own blood as you're
eating these fucking things yeah people
are weird man you leave them alone for
long enough don't get drunk and buy
things reminds me of that
Andrew Schultz bit that he put on
YouTube which one the eating ass he goes
if you eat ass you should not complain
about other people's food none of that
French my friend told me go they you
know in Thailand the crickets he goes I
eat ass because they're eating crickets
cuz they have no food my refrigerator is
full so true he's so good dude he's he's
so good yeah that's my new favorite dude
is awesome really really nice guy too
dirty as hell yeah you meet him and when
next time he's at the store you love him
it's a real comic it's a real oh he's
high level yeah you drive a Tony to
Train Tony and we're listening to Andrew
Schultz oh that's cool yeah I love that
he's great and he also is one of the few
that is doing the YouTube thing now we
decided to release all the shit on
YouTube yeah
yeah thank God it's giving me some you
know entertainment right well it's also
very smart for him I mean he's getting
millions of millions of views on YouTube
he's blowing up yeah oh for sure
yeah he's killing it yeah and you know
to have it available anytime they say
that kids watch 50% of Netflix on their
phone fifth
percent at least that was this I think
that was the numbers they gave me um I
think that was what they said about my
special 50% across the board for what it
take take your pick remove Netflix
YouTube 50% to its 50% website 50% but
that's the the switcheroo though is 50%
watched on their phone that could be
watching on the computer but how many of
them watched on their TV like with
YouTube it's probably pretty small
percentage right it's which is because
they that they're tracking this they
splinter up between like an Xbox or ps4
smart TV or I watch YouTube on my TV
yeah there are that shit yeah I do think
that sometimes I mirror that and I also
there's a YouTube one of the other apps
it's built into the TV I bought so you
can get Netflix right from your TV you
don't have to have an Apple TV and
YouTube right from you TV it's um it's
interesting how big it is now it's so
big YouTube's gigantic they got a bunch
of movies on there now I was watching it
on my TV and just like scrolling through
to see what I could what it was gonna
give me and as they were making their
own ads yeah they were making their own
movement but it's weird like it seems
like you don't know where to search like
what did you just go into the search bar
and just search just type things not
really my subscription I subscribe to
certain people and I just go to this
boom yeah yeah I know I do that too but
I mean like if they make a movie like
they were making movies so how do you
find that movie right in your face they
own that shit but if it's a movie that
they make like I wonder how I would like
to know the numbers like have they how
many times have they done that cuz they
made youtube originals right like they
may they finance their own most of our
shows like like the the one that I know
has done the best is that Cobra Kai gets
second a third season I think it's not
weird though could they get into the
production side of it like they're
already a place where people produce
things and then put them on YouTube and
YouTube's like yeah we're gonna make our
own shake yeah why not but then they
become something different right cuz
they're gonna they're gonna favor their
own stuff above your stuff if you make a
movie - yeah they haven't made like why
bother I think they just wanna
I mean I think that's what every company
every company gets into this position
where they have to constantly expand
they got to constantly be kicking ass
you know and no one wants to be stagnant
they don't want the quarterly earnings
to be the same
a quarter that's that's a bad sign they
want to be out there killing it right
don't they think like that like every
company thinks like that
the NBA Finals is currently sponsored by
YouTube TV that's on normal TV they're
broadcasting watch TV on YouTube TV
which is pretty counterintuitive I have
it mmm yeah I have YouTube TV every now
and then you need to watch something on
a regular Channel mm-hmm I use it once
every eight months barely pay like 50
bucks a month for it never use it well
it's so much different though than the
network because anybody can put their
shit up that's where it gets so weird
it's like this is all so new TV is our
TV channels that you could watch through
YouTube yeah check channel for general
oh that's good I'm talking about those
youtube originals okay
they're YouTube's creating hands yeah
those are different things but it's just
what percentage of the views what
percentage of the the eyeballs of
America does YouTube have kidding hum
okay let's just go the lone super giant
what is the would the low number is how
many people everyday don't watch YouTube
I watched YouTube several times a day
but what's the percentage of people if
you had a guess that don't use youtube
at all oh ten I would guess that maybe
they probably have 90% of the people's
eyeballs it's like the number it
technically it's the number two search
engine on the Internet as far as I've
read do that hurts my bear thing and all
that like it's it hurts my brain new
stuff but think about how many fucking
people must be watching youtube videos
around the world it's just a company but
it's like so then they're then they're
they're they're a network sort of but
you're you're allowed they just have
terms and conditions so you're allowed
to upload and then they have to monitor
your shit make sure you're not put
anything horrible up no Isis beheadings
nothing crazy but anyway what numbers
are you talking about how even look one
of the funniest videos on yours onra
videos on YouTube are you happen they're
supposed to be instructionals
on Japanese massage mm-hmm it's like
supposed to be an instructional this is
it's all about an instructional but it's
not they take it as far as you can go
for YouTube oh you can't go it becomes a
porn almost no educationally but no but
they do Oh give it allowed to show
titties and then there's laid out the
nipples no there's YouTube for naked
chicks just just I go to YouTube naked
chicks though like who's talked about
this before
he's my question imagine if they had
porn if they got right to the part where
the people bone like why to the part and
then they just gave you like outlines
like from then out all you see is like
outlines a body's movie you don't see
any real dick or any real vagina but you
see outlines yeah butts and dicks and
vagina feet up in the air and I bet
that's all over YouTube I wonder if they
could do that
you don't gotta change a couple letters
and you're on a real website that does
that for real like huge is your porn
exactly yeah yeah yeah but I'm saying on
YouTube like what are the terms and
conditions is there like could you get
right to the point of people actually
having sex and then just all sudden just
becomes not even an animation just
becomes outlines you see people kissing
long as they don't outline dicks almost
gonna have fake dicks and vaginas like
height shots on you go tight shot to the
chest back the shoulder how far in all
all that is just outlines just a black
screen with like white outlines of
bodies on a bed it's the audio is audio
illegal that's a good question yeah is
that illegal
okay what's the terms of conditions for
you can do a lot of stuff with it I
don't know what point a couple years ago
they added a like age restriction right
sort of things so you could probably do
that but it'll get marked 18 and older
only or some well here's the reason why
I asked twitter has porn straight-up
porn and I asked Jack Dorsey about it
and he's like yeah we Twitter allows
porn they allow porn Wow
so you can be flipping through and
someone's discussed
cool porn on the biggest mean it's got
to be if not the biggest social media
platform on the planet or if it's top
two
right if it's not number one every I'm
never on Twitter what is number once
Facebook Facebook's number one are you
still are you on Twitter
WAIS put things up there like read feeds
occasionally read someone's feed if they
got they post interesting stuff I think
snapchats but I I avoid it for them I
just don't have the time and yeah I only
have time for instance so snapchat is
higher well either way it's closer
either way it's GI and it's giant
I mean it's enormous and they allow porn
which is kind of crazy cuz like I know
they're not as big as YouTube in terms
of like total minutes watched of things
and the thing is that most of what
Twitter is is texts most of it you know
so when they have porn it's not it's
like a fraction of what the whole thing
is whereas if YouTube had porn it would
very quickly become most of YouTube like
if YouTube just had porn people would
blow a fucking gasket cuz kids are on
youtube all the time did your son get on
YouTube
and look in those no somebody has all
shown but he's not yeah he's like he's
too young to get on the internet did
they look at little kid stuff there's a
lot of little kid content and that was
one of the way he said people were
getting kids to watch so they can make a
DREV anew see those weird fucking videos
they would find so like kids would be
watching like wily coyote cartoons and
they watch some Mickey Mouse type
cartoons and then all of a sudden it
would be like these cartoon superheroes
that were babies and they were getting
drunk and they would fall and cut their
head open it was like what the fuck is
this and there was like hundreds of them
and if they had made it like with a
formula just so that they could catch
kids in these algorithms that recommend
the next video and play the next video
so it eventually get to their video
because it would say you know like
someone from frozen with spider-man I
can have those names in the title Elsa
Elsa from frozen and spider-man this
like is a large something happened that
we don't that we missed I've heard about
this recently - that's why I was
actually pulling it up this is a really
large YouTube channel and there there's
some sort of like inside joke going on -
look at this spider-man ten million
eight hundred and seventy thousand
172 views what the fuck
there's so many views if listen if a
television show on CBS got that they
would be doing fucking backflips they'd
be like look at all the views we got
this is amazing you know this is
spider-man and Elsa so weird it's not
illegal to do that to use that with a
title is that a trademark spider putting
spider-man I find all of them they can't
find all they try they I think they take
some of them down it's an AI that does
that I think so yeah just their
spider-man spider-man but I think
they're getting away with that because
they were in a costume I think maybe you
could get away with wearing a costume
yeah I don't know where those laws
change if it's been how many parodies
Spider Man is like at this point public
domain the name or something no way
because then other people would be
banging out spider-man movies you
imagine that if someone didn't own
spider-man if anybody can make their own
spider-man movie if spider-man was just
like an archetype hero but you know what
maybe right hmm like there's some she's
gonna put out a video like if you wanted
to you know talk some shit on Burt
Reynolds or have you could put Burt
Reynolds and they can't any that's legal
right just putting his people's names on
the title right but but that's not what
that is that's like they're making a
video using copy written characters that
someone created like Elsa from frozen in
spider-man yeah for sure I feel like
they probably got away with it because
they were dressed up as them rather than
like drawing them like if they had
footage from the movie or animation they
probably all have that shit copy written
yeah but you could probably get away
with if you have your own script and you
make some stupid play with Elsa and
spider-man you probably get away with
that I don't know though man
it's it's weird they're all like trying
to figure out what you can and can't do
you know what what what can you not and
so these companies that are making these
weird fuck and that that was a people
one where there's people most of them
that I saw before they they purged them
more animated
there are weird animations where I was
always a baby and the baby did fall and
cut their head it was fucked up like the
same image would happen over and over
again there was these websites that were
analyzing it they're like what the fuck
is this like why is this baby fall and
cut his head and like all these
different versions of this same sort of
story
with different characters it was just
like a like a they had a pattern that
they could stick it into so whatever the
character was was Mickey Mouse or Donald
Duck or they're always drinking and
they've fallen hit they're fucking had
this weird weird shit but they would get
millions and millions and millions of
views so someone was raking in the dough
from advertising revenue from that I had
a friend who dated a girl that ended up
coming from a family of Satanists whoa
yeah broke up with their it's a long
story but it's it's a very interesting
story that they have a direct line to
Satan no they broke up they were
together for a couple years and shit
came out she's like multi-personality
Satanist family father all that shit and
then they broke he broke up with her
naturally and but they kind of kept in
contact and the last he heard she got a
job programming children's TV at a large
company there's a pretty good friend of
mine he's he's not bullshitting mmm but
that's scary bro did you see that
preacher that got confronted by Inside
Edition what is his name Copeland
Kenneth Copeland bro it's hilarious I
don't know how much we can show this
because this will absolutely get us
pulled this dude got confronted by
Inside Edition they're doing these
stories on these preachers that use the
donations from their flock to buy
private jets and live like a baller and
so she asks um you know is it true that
you said that you don't want to fly
commercial because you don't wanna be
stuck in a tube with demons and he first
of all he got caught off guard and he
kind of was chilled at first but then he
got mad at her when she asked that same
question again he said no and that
didn't end don't you bring it up and
don't you say I did that's what he says
and he points out her and this pull it
ahead a little bit because this is the
full version of this pull it there's a
that right before that right before that
right before that like she asks him what
is he an evangelist yeah yeah he was a
big tech now we can't because we'll get
pulled off of YouTube for sure but he
gets really fucking mad at her she said
and but didn't you say didn't you say
that you can
fly commercial because the tube is
filled with demons do you think that
people are demons like this lady has
balls of steel
cuz this guy's giving her the crazy eyes
and he's saying all kinds of crazy shit
there's some questions she also asked
about like why did it why did you buy it
and he's like could because he made it
so cheap yeah that's like 980 dollars he
made it so cheap it's like I couldn't
say no that's what he says plain wasn't
it was ty was the best yeah yeah made it
so cheap okay that's it really seen it
right there I had to buy it yeah he
can't can't play it unfortunately but
play it right after that no this is
where she asks him again he's getting
frustrated with her this is where she
asked him again about demons now watch
him get mad here hold up but you can't
play it because if you get they fuckin
hear they hear they'll yank as' do it
Jamie doesn't matter man whoever owns
this content don't play any of the audio
so he gets mad at her and she's about to
say it she's gonna go but I'm sorry but
didn't you say but didn't you say right
before it yep right there so watch this
she goes didn't you say that they were
demons no look at this don't you say
that I did look at that look at that bro
that's intense and then he tries to
charm her st. risers charmer that to me
is what I would imagine a demon would
look like if you cornered it like be
realistically tell me back up back up
right there there's a little bit before
that but little bit before please
actually angry a little bit before that
watch when he gets actually angry like
if you thought the demons were real what
would you think that they would behave
like wow they would just pretend to be
people and be all slippery what's
happening here okay back up so we could
see him do it though back up so we could
see him do it so right here she asked
him I'll watch this watch this
no don't say that I did and then watch
this
[Music]
smile just let it play stop fucking
around
watch this look at that face oh I'm your
friend again I'm just an ass preacher
his hand looks like that Hobbit foger
looking at bro his nails are long as
fuck
just like Satan I would imagine Satan is
not over manicure Eddie hey thoughts no
no it's that dude caught a sweet
loophole tax-exempt status that's what's
really interesting about church's
tax-exempt baby they're doing the
government's work the government's like
you doing such a good job keeping these
people in line here you go free free no
taxes bro you're good you're good
like imagine the government looking at
televangelist going well
seems legit you definitely have the
Lord's words in mind and definitely not
making a ton of money in the loophole so
yeah yeah for sure keep that tax exempt
status seems good seems super solid
imagine imagine that like somewhere
someone must have had that conversation
whether or not they should have
tax-exempt status like at what point in
time you know like how about the
Catholic Church how many sex scandals
how many pedophile scandals does it take
before you lose tax-exempt status is
there like a million how many cases how
many cases do you need
I get what point in time do you go hey
maybe you guys should fuck it and least
pay taxes you know maybe that's the deal
that cut your child odd for the kids but
you got to start paying taxes well
they're not prosecuting because people
aren't screaming for it what's really
interesting is that if you look at some
of the things that people are really
rallying about today what you would call
like social justice warriors people are
rallying around so many different causes
those those people that are rallying
around all these causes supporting and
Tifa
doing this you know protecting this and
going after that what they're not doing
is going after that church how come
they're not shouting from there if you
really want justice if you really want
to do good in the world
when you want to stop the pedophiles
when you want to stop that if you didn't
you don't see that
scary for people so big they got their
own country the Vatican is basically a
country they have their own passport
it's dark it's dark when people look
like that they feel like they're doing
progress and then you know do you not
stop in that you're not you know like
your concern is what what's your concern
the sculpture of the resurrection has
seen that no it's supposedly it's
supposed to be Jesus rising from the
dead but it looks like zombie looks it
looks like hell and see that yeah the
sculpture of the resurrection yeah
dis mm and then they got a serpent
Cathedral where it looks like a serpent
head it's crazy stuff you've been no but
I've seen it on YouTube you've been an
idiot
it'll ya know you should go do it is
insane it's so insane the Vatican is so
insane it's absolutely worth the wait up
you went into the Vatican yeah it's
amazing the artwork is off the charts
you can't believe it st. Peter's
Basilica that's it right there who
fucking me yeah that's supposed to be
it's something about bro that looks
represents Christianity in front of
Marilyn Manson's house this is their
beautiful people yeah make a great
photos that would be an amazing gate
right if you like the ultimate horror
fiction writer like if Stephen King
bought a house in the Hollywood Hills
yeah that was his gate look up of this
the resurrection feed there's a serpent
Cathedral Vatican that's if that's crazy
dude it's looks like a snake so there's
a there's a thing in there called Saint
Peter's Basilica man you know you've
never seen anything yeah that's their
life right there right so look at that
looks like come on man that's crazy
come on man that's crazy it has the eyes
of a snake the head of a snake and the
fangs that is very very you can see that
resurrection thing right
come on come on that's amazing that's
amazing dude if you were dating a girls
like Jesus right there dude I don't see
Jesus anywhere if you were dating a girl
and she's really into witchcraft you'd
want to fuck her right right in-between
baby I want to take you to the Vatican
where sneak away I'm gonna bribe
somebody that's scary imagine they just
had a bed that you could borrow and what
if what if the Pope is really the king
of the world let him out there what's
crazy what if he is though he might be
you might be the most powerful man so
let me ask you this what do you think
about all this alien shit that's going
on right now all this UFO shit
what do you think that is you think
that's a distraction the stuff that's
going on right now sighs it just got
d-class they're trying that's what it is
the thighs the D class are you kidding
that's gonna bury a lot of people go to
jail so you think that's why the UFO
stuff is out there they've it's always
been about UFOs really since they do
that like they have certain UFO cases
that they say listen if anything gets
weird we're just gonna let this
motherfucker loose whoo and we're gonna
tell people listen we've seen the aliens
we've got a hold of them we've got to
alert Congress we got to talk to people
and then people start just forgetting
about corruption forgetting about the BP
oil spill forget about whatever the fuck
is dude the aliens are coming you trust
me yes they've been talking to the
government you know what my argument
against it has always been why would
they talk to the government if you're
from another fucking planet like wheat
when we visit chimpanzees we don't say
hey who's the number-one chimp we want
to bring you bananas and sign a peace
treaty with you we don't give a fuck who
the leader is yeah you don't get special
deals yeah you don't get special deals
oh the top chimp made a deal to let us
kidnap some baby chimps so we could
bring them to the zoo you know who the
fuck out of here if they're coming here
from another planet they must be so much
more sophisticated than we are they're
not going to listen to us we're crazy
they're doing it for several reasons in
my opinion and and one look exactly like
you said when there's four distractions
and right now they're going heavy with
it but you know Wernher von Braun
the last four years of his life he had
cancer and he had an assistant and you
watch it on YouTube talk her name is dr.
Carol Rosalyn and she said that he kept
telling her over and over because
they're preparing like on his deathbed
they're preparing for a fake alien
invasion oh that's what they did they're
trying to scare us into a new world
order and she talked about this huh no
no she doesn't say why he goes he never
told me why he just kept telling me
they're all the stuff you hear about
aliens and asteroids it's all fake first
there's gonna be a environmental threat
that they're gonna scare everybody with
global warming is my opinion in my
opinion then there's gonna be asteroid
threats and then the final one and she
says this and he kept saying this is the
final one the last one they're gonna do
is the fake alien invasion that's gonna
that's why there's movies like
Independence Day it gets everyone used
to oh we're all gonna let's call China
and Russia and we all band together and
recall it's it's to get us prepared for
a new one-world government that's what
it's really all about the aliens and all
that the Nazis were doing that to their
own people they made in the when I was
balls-deep in the UFO community we would
you know they would they would show us
that you know there's pictures of the
German UFOs and in the UFO community we
looked at that is evidence that they
must have found crashed UFOs and then
they're trying to reverse engineer
that's what everybody in the UFO
community thinks but when you look into
it dude they were trying to scare their
own people to look for the government
they're just science fiction had flying
saucers before flying saucers were
something that the government or the
German we you look at the time and on
the tried to create so yeah I think they
were trying to freak people out and make
it seem like it was a lurch yes exactly
so so World War two is over we didn't
have Operation Paperclip look Operation
Paperclip from 1945 1946 we bring in
over all right
the guys that ended up creating the CIA
and NASA were from Operation Paperclip
so right away short NASA so when you
look at this if the Nazis
we're trying to scare their own people
with fake UFOs they must have came in
and said dude you guys aren't on the UFO
shit you got a scare your people so
that's exactly when all the comic books
were all these so the Germans were
scaring their people with UFOs before
the United States really yes this is the
30s that is listen if you're gonna be a
master of propaganda like Hitler was
right yes manipulation and propaganda
that would be the movement who who
wanted to control the world more than
that guy that guy knew how to do it and
it's an old idea it's an old idea the
way everybody the old the ancient Roman
emperors they all want their up for that
one-world government they couldn't pull
it off there was no way they could pull
it off because the only way to make a
new world order actually happen is you
got to get the people to embrace it you
can't force them into it so you got a
mind fuck them to embrace a new world
order you got to make them want it
otherwise they're not going to stay in
their own little truck exactly all the
little rulers were gonna like did we
deal with one-world government I'm out
of a job fuck you so it's impossible but
they knew they theorized if there was
some kind of alien threat they don't
remember Reagan talking about exactly
one year in the UFO community
you take that Reagan speech from the UN
and from the CFR and you look at that as
proof that there's aliens but now I look
at that when you look at him and like at
the CFR he goes wouldn't all our jobs be
a little bit easier if there was some
sort of threat some extraterrestrial
threat he's Don says the rule he's well
it's not exactly one I'm talking about a
different one he did a many two
different suit he was doing it all no
that was a bunch of them yeah he was on
a mission to get everyone and but but
he's like making it sound like
humanitarian like wooden wouldn't we'll
all her differences just see her
diminish if there was some sort of
extraterrestrial threat that was getting
everybody used to this shit we're gonna
come the UN is all of my warning off
they they can't do it but now we're
approaching the tech we have the
technology now with Holograms now we
could do it it's always been for
hundreds of years they knew that they
knew that but they couldn't pull it off
how you gonna pull it off how you're
gonna do to know how to make that shit
or making movies when you imagine what
do you say I told you about this last
week
you said you didn't see it was talking
about the military industrial compound
oh let me hear that yeah was that free
use outsourcing the president right is
he talking about space force now you can
reassure people you're not looking fo
this is Fox News man you can't play this
it's the news yeah it's Fox it's like a
clip from a fox in the news it's the
news though yeah but I think you get
pulled for this you know me a plant I
won't play it but if the news I always
play them okay let me know what saying
let me am saying this is my friend Steve
Hilton show and don't kid yourself you
do have a military industrial complex
they do like war you know in Syria with
the caliphate so I wipe out a hundred
percent of the Caliphate that doesn't
mean you're not gonna have these crazy
people going around blowing up stores
and blowing up things these are
seriously ill people I don't want to say
oh they're wiped you know Isis but I
wiped out a hundred percent of the
Caliphate I said I want to bring our
troops back home the place went crazy
they want to keep that you have people
here in why she won't if they never want
to leave I say you know what I'll do
I'll leave a couple hundred soldiers
behind but if it was up to them they'd
bring thousands of soldiers in someday
people will explain well this is a you
do have you whoa yeah that's fucking
heavy I'll stop right here now if that
was from anyone in any normal person you
would say that guy's out of his fucking
mind that's a conspiracy there's no one
who wants war but you hear that from the
actual sitting president of the United
States there was no reason to say that
like why is he why does he ever reason
say that it must be an excuse for why he
didn't pull everyone out 100% and that's
an that's have really overlooked insight
and that's part of the problem is that
so many people hate Trump that even when
he says something like that that we
should listen to because it's coming
from the President of the United States
while he's a sitting president and why
he's talking about pulling people out of
troop out of war and people still don't
want to listen because it's on Fox News
and because it's the president because
people so many people hate the president
they don't want to hear about this that
should be something that's talked about
the the D class is about to happen shit
you think so well it is a d-class it's
about to happen it's you know what does
that mean you mean these the closet Iike
the FISA applications at the class
everything involved in how the Russian
investigation started yeah that's the
problem
they were trying there's evidence and
that this is coming with the FISA D
class that Trump wasn't supposed to win
there's text messages going back between
two FBI agents right well what if he
went and goes he went gonna where he's
gonna Hillary's gonna crush him like a
zillion to one and this but what if he
does win and these are text message have
been released up anybody could do that
one I think is so bad folks were back
from Pittsburgh we had to go I've been
drinking a lot of water lately I'm
trying to be super healthy me too man
I thought Pellegrino was good enough I
thought there's no way those bubbles are
good for you you know what I mean okay
let's find out what would happen to your
body huh if all you drank was Perrier
and Pellegrino and that's it no forget
about the teeth the overall health of
the body so much about the by it's about
your teeth that's what that is no but
forget about the teeth just water cancer
you get but the carbonation is got it
I'm doing something to use your teeth
it's all its really doing
I wonder what are your orders to or
something so they can kiss your teeth
because of the carbonation it's got to
that's gotta be it's just water and
carbonation so where's the carbonation
is in nitrogen in the water like what's
what is the carbonation its nitrogen
yeah man I hope it's great for you I
hope it passes higher acidity oh my god
it's bad for you can't be good right and
that's how I was drinkin for a while but
I was happy with myself because you know
I I feel like you do my time good my
vice was coca-cola right so it got me
off coke I don't give a fuck about coke
I got off and I'll drink coke every now
and then but I'm not I used to be like I
want it like with the meal if I went out
to a restaurant had to have a fucking
coke don't but now Pellegrino's it's
totally satisfies me I'm good I'm good
with it but then I just got away with I
just kept drinking just that any think
it's better than coke but it's not as
good as water I'm gonna go with that
yeah
got it way better than coke right coke
is the worst but why is it so delicious
dude some some food you just want a cold
diet coke with like if I have a fucking
cheeseburger I know I'm already not
eating healthy yeah fucking diet coke
while we playing games right you know
that feeling is that was good enough for
me it is giving up with you burger it's
it's satisfying but if you're gonna have
a burger and fries the best is culture
coke you'll work it off in the gym my
diet not diet like regular coke regular
I don't like regular coke it's too
syrupy it's just too hard for me it's
just
Jamie's cousin Jamie's Midwest Midwest
they give it to their babies they put it
in bottles and shit pop can bottle or
was actually can cook than Chipotle in a
bottle yeah but you like to stay at the
styrofoam cone only Pauly's got a weird
flavor coke that I really like that got
me back into drinking a long time ago
Chipotle has their own people say
McDonald's coke is the best I did a
highly disagree it's not all the same
not Steph enough then when it's weird
yet they have different flavors they
send up the strings what differences
it's original taste on the label at
Chipotle which is weird which thank you
you make a deal with coke and you don't
know which flavor you're getting let me
ask you this do you think Andy Ruiz
being the heavyweight champion to bring
Mexicans and the rest of America closer
together I think so
well if he starts fucking everybody up
what if he fucks up everybody what if he
becomes a man that would be amazing
Viva make oh man crazy
be kid interesting right like what Joe
Louis was or what Muhammad Ali was
during the civil rights movement how
about that what's his record has he ever
lost
I think he's 31 and one one loss but it
was a split decision to Joseph Parker
who's a legit world-class fighter hmm
I'm sorry one decision like 29 yeah he's
young young guy and he's fucking good
man like he's good people get confused
because the way he looks
that motherfucker throws hands and the
way he punches is super fluid everything
nasty combinations like way quicker than
most heavyweights wait wait quicker
really interesting man when you watch
him fight like wow so the fights the
fight is him versus that bronze bomber
guy well I would imagine the fight is
the rematch in England and fucking
Wembley Arena or some shit in front of a
million people that's probably have to
be the rematch and if he fucks him up
bug him which man I don't know what
happened in that fight but fight Tyson
Fury - right oh yeah for sure
yeah he could fight Tyson Fury I mean
Andy can fight Tyson Fury and he can
fight Deontay Wilder but the big money I
think is in the rematch that's probably
the big money is and then that's the
problem with that is man all of a sudden
that heavyweight division looks good
it's good oh it's great right now this
is as good as the heavyweight divisions
been in decades it's amazing right now
but the most exciting is de'aunte
because de'aunte flatlines people with
one shot in this crazy way and he's just
built like he's built like a giant Tommy
Hearns almost like you know when he just
he just got crazy power man his power
makes me just put my hand on my head and
go what the fuck you think Francis and
Garnica box I know he could box like
with the table at the top level no I
mean I think he could with training but
he's a little older too
you know Francis is Helen how old is
Francis I want to say he's 34
he started fairly late in life learning
how to fight in period but he's so big
and so powerful man what is he 32 32
that's young let's be young he's he in
my opinion is the most dangerous one
punch guy I've ever seen he if you make
any mistake with that guy heavyweights
just go flying across the room I think
of Francis and Ghana versus Andy Ruiz
would be big and Ruiz is a way better
boxer so he's a way way way better boxer
it's a big difference so any any says it
100 amateur fights people would see it
just like people want to see Floyd
Mayweather vs Conor McGregor
yeah but it's kind of the same in the
same way that you know you know Connor
Gregor knocks people dead in the UFC and
you know Floyd Mayweather's the greatest
boxer of all time of all time I mean
he's probably the most skillful
defensive artist we've ever seen and you
know Floyd can't hit a couple of times
the thing about Francis and gana is I
think even with big gloves you can't let
him hit you like that if he gets it like
if Floyd the way Floyd got hit with that
uppercut by Conor kind of just kind of
placed it there he popped him it was a
good shot but Floyd didn't get wobbled
he didn't get dropped if Francis hits
somebody like that I don't give a fuck
who you are if he hits you with that
Alistair Overeem left hook that he hit
Alistair with get the fuck out of here
no one surviving that he just seems like
the way he knocked out Kane we clipped
him with that little short uppercut and
Kane seemed like he didn't even know he
hit yeah I think he hits stupid hard
like crazy ridiculous off the charts
hard I think when he hits people they're
just like what in the hell the only guy
who's been able to survive that shit is
Steve Bay and of course Derek Lewis but
they just didn't do much to each other
in that fight everybody else he touches
you with that shit and you just go
flying
he hits so goddamn hard that if he just
went into boxing straight and said at
UFC who the fuck knows man he could be
the fucking heavyweight champion in the
world like legitimately if you stop and
think about how quickly Deontay Wilder
went from boxing to earning a bronze
medal in the Olympics it was a year and
a half
meanwhile there is exceptionally
talented exceptionally powerful
unbelievable one punch knockout power
but so is Francis like if Francis has
chosen to go that path one fucking nose
man who knows if he learns how to
wrestle
well it really learns how to wrestle and
really learns how to submit people you
imagine like where everybody has to
stand with him because you're scared of
him on the ground yeah I mean he's at
265 pounds natural and shredded the way
he is with unbelievable power that's
just a super unusual case that guy could
have any any combat sport if you went
into kickboxing
shit be fuckin everybody up she's hit so
goddamn hard he hits people you just go
in yards whoa it's hard to learn jujitsu
once you're already famous that's a
tongue there just draw the tongue yeah
that's tough because the only way to
learn jujitsu correctly is with a
hundred percent sparring and you don't
do that with your wrestling with
wrestling but you can't go hundred cents
barnwood wrestling because there's no
you don't do that what you're striking
yeah you don't do that with your
striking not that much yeah yeah but
it's policy once you become famous it's
very hard to go 100% with just anybody
you know what I mean it's there's a lot
on the line yeah it's possible but it
would have to be well engineered by a
really good manager right like someone
like a Dan Lambert and comes along and
says this is how we're gonna do this
we're gonna take this as a project and
we're gonna bring in wrestlers and these
guys are gonna specifically work with
you on these very specific drills you're
gonna help you get up and help you stay
up and we're gonna we're gonna this is
what our job is our job is now this
we're going to turn you into the
heavyweight champion the world but it
would have to be like someone who had
like a real specific group of guys that
knew the goal and there was no Eagles
involved so it wasn't you're not gonna
bring in some guys gonna try to out
wrestle them or hurt them or knock them
out or do anything they they were there
they're working for the goal but that's
hard to do you know everybody has their
own ideas you know that's one of the
real problems that fighters have at a
really high level is finding people that
you could train with that are
commensurate and skill level but they're
not trying to take you out you know to
aid each other like imagine imagine if
mark Kerr got balls deep in the jujitsu
and got oh man he would have been he
would had a longer career that's for
sure and you know if he got good on the
back come on you see that with wrestlers
every now and then like after six seven
years you see it like oh my god they're
taking the back now they're choking
people out you saw that with John Fitch
you know took a while he he was just
cool with ground-and-pound just you're
getting the takedown and then slowly
start you started seeing him pass and
and take backs and then he took sacks
Anthony Smith choking out of customs yes
of crazies up
they did it with a broken hand yeah yeah
man that was I was pretty crazy a
fucking dude is the real deal
yeah he's the real deal how did the John
Jones fight go I don't remember John
Jones just outclassed him he was ahead
of him he knew what he's gonna do before
decision yeah five rounds five rounds
yeah okay
dominant decision John just I mean he
wobbled or knocked down he got hit I
mean he definitely got hit he got he
took some shots but he was fine at the
end of it
early in the fight though he sho he
looked very smooth very fluid in the
first round he looked very good very
composed
considering world title fight against
John Jones I mean everything he did when
he's moving he wasn't exploding he
wasn't blowing away any nervous energy
fought very technically very good
technical stand up and just look John is
just John John's on another level
there's everybody else then there's John
Jones it's another level he knows when
you're tired too he you see him when he
senses like any any time were you trying
to catch a break he senses it and he
starts ramping it up and moving towards
you and kicking your legs so you see it
smells blood he smells blood he's a
fucking straight-up killer man he just
knows there's a lot of aspects to his
game that are very interesting but he
just knows how to feel where a guy is he
knows the distance in terms of like
knowing how to feel where a guy is in
terms of how far away the guy is from
him because he's the best ever at
utilizing his long reach but he also
knows where the guy is psychologically
you know he knows when guys are
physically tired know who's he fighting
next he's gonna fight Thiago Santos I
don't know too much about how my god
that guy throws brags more of a striker
the register oh yeah a way more way more
what he's got a giant hammer tattooed on
his chest he knocks people in another
dimension he's a beast man legit beast
what is that um that's uh it's not
August it's not August in LA I think
that's the Anaheim card I think am I
making that up it's great fuckin fight
though great fight for as long as it
lasts
who knows you know that guy he can knock
anybody out just swings wild but John
should be a heavy favorite going into
the fight John fights on the July card
oh it is a July card oh my god that's
right deep Bay and that's right that's
where
used and I'm steep and DC John Jones
versus taco Santos see that anyone oh
that was on steep in DC's design yes
I don't know arrow and Paul Acosta is
also rebooked for that that's Anaheim as
well right Yoel Romero Paul Acosta best
body ever fight that's they're fighting
for the best body ever that's what
they're doing but who's the king did he
win some sort of asset yes well Yoel
might never fight again he want twenty
seven million dollars like I give up
howdy cuz there was a supplement company
that had tainted supplements
legitimately they tested them
independently and they found out this
shit is it's tainted and makes people
piss hot for steroid tests mm-hmm so he
sued him the question is whether or not
he's gonna be able to correct collect
rather because you know when you sue
someone they can go bankrupt
like if they're a corporation that's why
someone forms an LLC so if they've got
some steroid tainted shit and an athlete
Susan I wonder if they actually have to
pay or if one that they could just
disband the company cuz twenty-seven
million is a lot of money you know who
knows the company might not even be
worth twenty seven million I don't know
what the company is do you know what the
company is what's the name of it gold
gold star performance mmm that's a big
name I've heard that name before have
you heard that name before I think
that's a big name and supplements you
know a man's anything will blow him up
it'll be worth it just Pam we're gonna
make a hundred million because people
are gonna jump on it you know what I
mean like people don't write
professionally oh shit we do it yeah
that's true right give me the shit that
Hector Lombard pissed out for yeah 100%
that shit I got that shit son you're
gonna get a thick old neck what's up
Jamie they got what if this is the right
company I just looked up when I tried to
type in the revenue they're doing all
right yeah how much they worth I don't
know if this is the right company but
the one I just found says they did I had
a cash balance of ninety six point five
million as of December 31st give up
twenty seven million to the Cuban baby
not be the actual same company but it's
got this name at least I bet it's that
company let's say it is that company
come on give up that money I want to see
Yoel Romero
covering first gold chains and shit it's
living like a pimp well I want to see
y'all Romero in like some sort of crazy
gazelle skin coat with like full
six-pack just no minks right makes it be
better like something something crazy
just 27 million in the bank not giving a
fuck 20 girls around yeah they'll start
rapping and Cuban he's the freakiest
athlete I've ever seen
he moves so fast sometimes you like like
what like he you know when he fought
Chris Weidman I remember when he landed
that flying knee I was like oh my god
that guy could do that out of nowhere
out of nowhere you can never sleep on
him because he'll he like lulls you into
this false sense of everything being
okay he moves no you know he just moves
slow moves slow he move away when you
kick him almost like he's conserving
energy and about me just jumps on you
it's amazing to see a guy like him at 40
years of age be that fuckin explosive
you know you're right at 40 with that
lawsuit shit my life fight you might go
maybe he wants a fuck up Paulo Costa and
that's a wrap and after that fight but
if he actually gets the money that's the
problem see it's all bullshit until the
money's in your bank account yeah
because if they appeal and you know
dragon in to appeals court which they
probably will right take years to take
yours yeah yeah then the meanwhile if
they have that money they could just
invest that money and just make itself
back and then give them what they
invested with that here here's your
money didn't cross the shit I could do
that - as long as it's long enough maybe
they have like 500 million that 25
million the whole supplement world is a
weird world it's very weird you know we
had problems with the on it with alpha
brain early we are alpha brain had other
shit and then with different vitamins
and they weren't supposed to be in there
like what is this and that we had to
change suppliers
it's tricky man when you're making stuff
and you're not there for every step of
the way you hire companies to do it like
how are they doing it how are they
mixing it what's the the VAT
like they clean that shit you know and
then somewhere down the Rhine like Tim
means he was another one number Tim
means Tim the dirty bird it's a bad
motherfucker
he same thing pissed hot for some shit
that was just some over-the-counter
stuff they found it but they think of
him like six months I think they gave
you a long time too though didn't he
make him like six months or something
like that I think they gave him a long
time it was like six months which
apparently is worth twenty seven million
twenty seven nice number two men six
month suspension yeah whatever
if he gets that 27 million he won't give
a fuck about that six month suspension
have you had twenty seven million clean
in the bank that you don't have to pay
taxes on is that how it works
no you gotta pay taxes do you when you
get a lawsuit that seems some of them
are dedicated like why not it seems it
seems ridiculous why would the
government keep that why would the
government get a piece of you getting
your every I know but isn't that nuts
they get up but that's funny like
they've ruled that you got damaged so
someone has to give you money to make up
for all the money that you lost you lost
27 million dollars worth of Revenue
we're gonna make it right ul so they
give them that 27 million dollars and
the government's like not so fast you
might have lost 27 million but we didn't
get our piece I bet you have to pay
taxes if you didn't have to pay taxes on
things
imagine how few people would pay taxes
you know it would be like if the IRS
wasn't so fucking ruthless chasing
people down it would be like those
things we you bought 99 records for a
dollar remember that when nobody ever
paid for it the yeah yeah they would
send you the cassette penny yeah it was
like a penny and you get like you need
to pick these they get to pick this oh
REO Speedwagon who Billy Joel the
stranger and you get to check off the
list in the no one ever pays no one paid
I don't know a single person that paid
they try to chase me down maybe they
didn't want the money they just wanted
to spread the music maybe they did maybe
was a scam maybe they had insured
themselves against a certain amount of
loss and certain amount of suckers paid
because they did harass you a little bit
they'd send you letters like hey man
since you all those kiss echo sex yeah
you having got back to us yeah
remember that did you do that Janet
Columbia House it was close yeah Club
Columbia send you shit like a box but
she ate it one like I don't want Holly
notes was it Columbia House records
Columbia Records house it was a club
there were always a TV guides always an
insert dude that's the first time I
found out about well it's actually late
night TV about sigh Dianetics I didn't
know Dianetics with Scientology I
thought it was like you know you gotta
kick ass take on the world get away from
your insecurities and your fear they
drag you in a little bit first they drag
you in with a volcano and smart they're
showing the volcano and the commercial
that's way better than then like those
dudes you see it freeway overpasses that
are screaming Jesus says Jesus there's
like dude nobody from doing this you
ain't bringing nobody to Jesus man but
it's smart you don't tell them you want
to get someone into Jesus you don't tell
them it's about Jesus
you know just war and it's self help the
real way to get someone into Jesus is to
lead by Jesus's example and be a really
good Christian someone says well why are
you such a nice person say because I'm a
Christian and a real Christian is a
really nice person the person be like
damn I want to be a really nice person
and say well once come to church with me
on Sunday and they say you know you go
to church with a really aunt that's how
you dance how you do it you can't be
Jesus on the corner of Hollywood
Boulevard and the Brea
but then when it corner you don't you
say I did you got pretty eyes that's
gonna be cut up like I seemed demonic to
me man he creep me the fuck out that
creeped me out man guys used to tell him
people things like that seems to yeah
the people point his finger at the long
fingernail
don't you see I did you'd make a great
demon mm not imagine what it must be
like to be a fly on the wall one of
those billion-dollar preachers just they
must be getting pussy they must be oh it
has to be right of course has to be
top-shelf they have it flying them in
from Czechoslovakia and shit just got
the crew that's keying in on a fucking
Hill of cocaine it's crazy how yeah they
got a bunch of actors and plants and all
that shit but it's crazy how they get
people to believe it and think they get
put in trances and shit and you know
some of them of are acting but some of
them are like you know there's a certain
percentage of people that are
hypnotizable what is it you know a
percent maybe it's the people that
didn't get sucked into pro wrestling pro
wrestling could have got him they would
have believed that that was real they
missed that and they got they got sucked
into like the snake handlers do you
think because when you go to that you
know that those hypnotist shows the scam
is that before the show like this
considered the scam part he's before the
show they go into the audience and they
find people that are easily hypnotized
right so they bring them out of things
they do is they let you be aware that
they might call upon you and so just to
make sure that your story matches we
would like to know what whatever
happened to you is there something
that's bothering you so that we know
that when Cindy the magnificent when she
calls out to you that your story matches
up with a piece of paper this little
weird tricks they deal with yeah they
asked them to fill out these forms yeah
talk about their childhood that's the
psychic that's I kick shit for sure like
listen people talk but I'm talking about
what preachers do this hypnotist shows
yeah they take like a couple maybe they
take one problem and they hypnotize them
then they wake them up when they make
them do weird shit that they don't
remember oh yeah dude I saw that before
yeah I've seen it so that's real oh it's
real so there are people percentage of
the population who knows what it is
maybe it's ten percent maybe it's 60
percent who knows but there are people
that can be put under a spell on under a
spell in it they could be in a trance
yes or something while they're awake
they're awake and they do something
under
without any control and they don't
remember it and then they get snapped
out of it yes
oh that's real yes that's crates of
varying degrees but in its real in live
audiences which is particularly weird
yeah Frank Santos the R rated hypnotist
was a staple in Boston when I was coming
up and I was an open mic Frank actually
even ran a comedy club at one point in
time and it's not his son is a hypnotist
now Frank Santos he would do stitches
comedy club
me and Greg Fitzsimmons and Nick DiPaolo
and all these guys we saw him do this
and he would do it on a regular basis it
happened every week he had one night a
week wait and it wasn't just that Club
and was one night away we get stitches
but it was like one night a week at
Nick's comedy stop and one night a week
at giggles sorry but he would get a
bunch of people out of the audience and
he would have a bunch of volunteers who
wants a volunteer to get the people on
the stage and everybody was like you
believe we're here and they would
hypnotize me and hit Bhutan's been
hypnotized him and do this thing you're
getting sleepy gonna listen to me I'm
gonna count to five and when I count to
five
you were gonna be doing push-ups and
underneath you is gonna be Madonna and
she's gonna be naked and he would do
that and it would work on some people
the people he was you're not under come
on come with me and he would get rid of
them but then some people would just be
under and you'd be like this isn't real
is this real but then you would see your
friend go up there you would see someone
you knew go up there and you would see
people see their friends go up there and
what they couldn't believe it
and the person was really doing it and
you could tell they were really doing it
and they'd be so embarrassed they'd be
so embarrassed when they found out they
did this in front of these people
they're like what yeah you came in your
pants and like some guys would actually
come in their pants they would come in
their pants he would tell them I'm gonna
count to three and I like number three
you're gonna come in your pants
one two three you gotta be like oh he'd
seem get like super embarrassed these
aren't good actors well you could see
the embarrassment in their face they
were bewildered they were so confused
and like what happened how did this
happen but it wasn't everybody the
probably couldn't I wonder if there's a
I would love to see a documentary on
people getting hypnotized and like
proving the trio and doing different
well I got hypnotized
I got hypnotized yeah yeah but I didn't
get hypnotized to do anything I got him
beat up by Vinny shoreman
Sherman the mental coach did he make you
do things you didn't remember oh no I
just laid there I he gave it to me no I
laid there and he talked to me while I
was laying there and when he was talking
to me I knew he was there and I knew I
was there
and I knew I was just chilling on this
couch it wasn't like I was in a trance
and I was going somewhere and I was very
aware that it was happening but it was
like he was put me he was put me in a
suggestive state and he was talking to
me about various things that I wanted to
work on mostly organization and
discipline stuff like discipline like
getting things done and it would just
want something that I'm always
concentrating on and then when it was
over it was just over I was awake
through all of it but it was weird
it was a weird state it was like as if
like the regular world has like a crazy
filter over it like Leestown that's a
yes it's hard to guess I would probably
say yes and it sounds like you were you
weren't hypnotized like that kind of
like those dudes that don't remember
what no didn't know that but he doesn't
do that though and I think other people
can do that and I think they do that to
some people but that's not what he's
trying to do anybody his thought I think
and I'm speaking for Vinny but I think
that anybody can allow themselves to get
into this suggestive state to get in
this state of hypnosis but that's
different than the kind of people that
will think that they really are having
sex with Madonna
on stage yeah they could tell people
that really do come in their pants
that's great so those people locked in
there's something locked in about them
but it was a hundred percent real you
think those people the cane are easily
hypnotizable can be influenced but there
could be hypnotized by something on a TV
screen may even is possible yeah mate
maybe why not I don't know what that
element what is what's causing you to go
under you know I'm saying like is it
just the words what is saying it is it
them looking here Frank Santos was an
interesting guy he's a very short fellow
and this is coming from a short guy and
he had glasses and he's kind of like a
big guy and he was heavy you know he's
overweight and it just seemed real
honest
looming and sweet and kind and soft and
just hello everybody how are you how are
you you know and he just is just talking
to you are you gonna get sleepy gonna
get sleepy get asleep you sleepy
and they were just not off maybe like
whoa what the fuck he just knew how to
do it and he would do it so calmly and
confidently and he would do it every
week and every week we would watch some
people would work on some people
wouldn't work on I wonder if anybody can
do it anybody can put someone under
trance if they were taught the right way
and they maybe you got to do is learn
something or is it some kind of special
gift there's some I bet it's a skill I
bet it's a skill but I bet it's just
like having a good personality like some
people you want to hear them talk all
the time dude what if there's dudes like
that the good they date and they're just
looking for girls they hit yeah they're
just looking for girls I could hypnotize
so they go they gotta live when they
take him home make him do all sorts of
crazy shit I knew a guy who was a comic
who also worked as an artist and he'd
hypnotize people and I remember walking
by him while he's talking this girl and
she goes no I don't want to be
hypnotized what are you saying her oh
this is back in the dizzy - what if
there was a hypnotist slash comedian
that mastered hypnotizing people from
the stage and you got him to laugh
hysterically at everything so he's just
like killing and crushing every night
well I think comedy is a form of mass
hypnosis it's funny you say that because
I think that's what's happening when
you're locked in like when you're locked
in and everyone's locked into what
you're doing in and you're killing
there's these moments where it's like
the audience sinks minds with you like
hypnotism it's very similar because when
you're killing there's this feeling that
you get where you like it's an energy
feeling it's not just you saying
something and they think you're so funny
so you feel so good it's like you're
riding this wave and as long as you
practice the material so much that you
know where the beats are and as long as
you're so engaged in the material that
you really are thinking about it as
you're saying it
you're not bullshitting them you're not
just saying the words because they know
when you're just saying the words they
want you to be fully engaged but there's
these moments when you are fully engaged
and they know you are and you you're
riding this wave together because you
know the material so much so that you
could be fully engaged but not have to
think about what comes next because you
know it comes next but you're saying is
if you've never said it before and
you're thinking of it as if you've never
thought it before you're thinking it of
it as if you never said it before and
they're locked in and it's like hypnosis
it's very very similar as far as I know
I mean I've never hypnotized anybody but
I feel like when you're killing it's a
state of mind is like your your your
achievements yeah
that's why I say that like specials are
like at the very best eighty percent of
what it's like to be there at the very
best it's probably not even close I'm
probably being super generous with what
a special actually is in comparison to
being there live like this sometimes
I'll see a recording Emily I thought
that was better I thought that was
better when I saw it live because when I
was live and I was watching the person I
was in the room you know I'm soaking up
the laughs in the room they're all the
people in the room everybody took they
took an uber to get there they got
drinks there they're excited they're
pumped up the guys kill and you're
locked in you're in the room with these
people you believe you just said that ah
and you're all feeling it together at
home you're getting a fraction of that
yeah you know it's like hypnosis man
there's an energy that's being shared
you know I mean you've been doing a lot
of stand-up now don't you feel like that
like when it clicks like there's an
energy that's it's being bounced back
and forth between two people between you
and the audience yeah yeah for sure I
mean when it works
you know I'm a blue belt in comedy you
know what I mean you're like a choral
belt red belt you know what I mean you
know I'm pulling it off and it feels
good even when you just pull it off and
everyone's laughing it's great yeah it
feels those moments that's why I'm doing
it because it's so much fun it's just
like what I do after jiu-jitsu I mean I
hang out with my my students and we
talk about the craziest shit for about
10-15 minutes and then I go home it
happens almost every night we're talking
about crazy shit and it's the same thing
we're making each other laugh
and when it works on stage it's that
times a thousand just you know when
people are laughing and everything's
working it's great obviously when it's
not working and they smell blood and
you're not feeling what you're saying
and kind of just going through the
motions and that happens to me you know
I'm still new in the game that sucks
yeah that's horrible that's horrible but
luckily the first year you know I was
just trying to figure out what the fuck
was I was gonna do trying to structure
my sad I smoked I smoked weed before I
went onstage I don't do that no more I
go on stage just clear clear mind it and
it's way better because it's easier to
remember all all the material or not
stone you know eventually I can you know
go back to smoking weed like you before
is that because I've gotten the
structure down so well that I could just
go up there and it's like you know yet
when I teach and I do a seminar I got
that shit down online well I really like
to in sober October I really like not
smoking before shows yeah it's fun it's
fun to do it's different have a cocktail
you know what I mean I couldn't even do
that it's so brougt over everything
sober I like you know having to drink
and then you know maybe a cup of coffee
my blood going up boom like before I
teach I have some coffee you know I walk
around that's one thing I just stretch
out move around shadowbox yeah I get my
body loose I just want to get the blood
pumping I just want to feel looser
physically it's hard to know like when
though you know like what's when is it
looser is it lose it right now and just
kinda just I just saw have just a bunch
of things that I do I just start
throwing knees loosen up my arms you
know stretch my back out stretch my legs
out you know when it works though man
when you're just like connected with the
audience what I felt that the most so
far was in Houston they almost a year
ago and just for some reason man that
crowd was very nice Saturday night
yes I caught a wave they were all
waiting to scream they could as soon as
I walked onstage they were already
laughing I didn't say anything they were
just all ready to go yeah
this was there with Priscilla's his
fiancee and it was it was that was the
best night so far I mean as far as
connection and um man you know you're
chasing that you always want that you
know you always want that same high and
then the next day in Austin man wasn't
it was the opposite we talked about this
last time you were here yeah you had a
rough set on Sunday I'm going I'm good
you know it's good for you can I throw a
little Houston plug not this weekend but
next Friday June 14th
me and Sam Tripoli are doing ten for
that comedy Friday in Plano Texas which
is uh just outside of Dallas and then
Saturday June 15 were back at the secret
group in Houston that's where I had that
was my favorite night so far so
hopefully we could do the same thing
again I'm keeping my fingers crossed but
beautiful man that I'm really looking
forward to going back to Houston yeah me
too I'm announcing a bunch of dates on
Wednesday and Houston and Dallas are
both on that menu and then we're doing
another date in Colorado
Colorado's - two nights now 23 and the
24th at the Belko joe rogan calm for all
that shit how about those Houston gigs I
used to do like back in 2004-2005 member
would go to hear Austin those are some
crazy those Houston's always for some
reason comedy town - laughs Justin
started you know Kinnison started their
hick started their a lot of great comics
came out I used to it was a good spot so
they had like a real appetite for comedy
then you know they're they're smart
people that are you know they're living
in like a it's like a Texas City so it's
like Texas but it's also City so
Houston's a great spot yeah it's one of
the best all right let's wrap this bitch
up bring it home Teddy Bravo give them
some people Eddie Bravo you on Instagram
it's Eddie Bravo ten P 1p
what is it on Twitter do you use Twitter
anymore I'm never on Twitter I mean it's
a Teddy bridle but I'm Nirvana that's it
bye everybody thank you see ya
[Music]